Hard vs. Soft Belly: Why the texture of your stomach fat is a'red flag'for major hiccups.
Kunal Bahl, judge at SAARC Tank India, rants about the'constant pile-up'of right struggles.
Hyderabadi neurologist says daily foot supplement not necessary for all healthy adults
Genes can control your life, how well you live.
Why Alfea Jaffrey's hydration routine is a masterclass in gut health
How often should senior citizens fast?
paediatrician shares a'completely damaged'case of 16 years with'right side kidney stone'.
Varun Dhawan recalls suffering a tailbone injury while shooting for Border 2 movie.
after changing from metformin to insulin, what is the most immediate positive change you've seen?
Orthopedic surgeon shares case of woman with lower abdominal pain wrongly diagnosed as period h
why sleeping when you're young may be a cut out for vitamin d.
a doctor can explain such'strange'signs as feeling fatter, calmer, feeling sad, and feeling better when fat is reduced.
A leading oncologist says that oral cavity cancer is linked to breast cancer.
Surgery says that goldstones kill more easily than gallbladder surgery.
Makeup artist Namrata Soni shares why multi-step skincare should not work in India.
should you take vitamin b12 supplements on an empty stomach?
Abhay Deol reveals how stem cell therapy helped him after battling sciatica for years.
This gastroenterologist explains how the act of taking a bath can help prevent acid reflux, bloating.
How an anti-inflammatory diet cured Aamir Khan's migraine and helped him lose 18 kilograms.
My urine smells really bad this time, like acid. What could be the tree?
why your fabric softener can become the main source of indoor air pollution.
the world health organization has launched a global initiative to strengthen pandemic preparedness among member countries.
The United States government increased federal funding for cancer research through its national health agencies.
The Health Ministers of the European Union agreed on joint measures to improve cross-border disease surveillance systems.
Japan has approved a new treatment protocol to address the growing burden of healthcare needs among adolescents.
the united kingdom expanded its national immunization program to include additional respiratory disease protection.
China has invested heavily in public hospital infrastructure to improve access to healthcare services.
The World Bank has announced that it will provide financial assistance to strengthen healthcare systems in low-income countries.
Australian health authorities have released updated guidelines for managing mental health conditions.
Germany has launched digital health records to improve coordination between hospitals and primary care providers.
Canada has launched a countrywide program to reduce surgical waiting times in public hospitals.
Brazil expanded community healthcare services to improve access in remote and underserved regions.
The World Health Organization has warned about the rise in antimicrobial resistance as a global public health threat.
France increased its medical research fund, which focuses on rare diseases.
South Korea adopts artificial intelligence tools for early disease detection.
African Union health officials coordinated efforts to strengthen regional vaccine manufacturing capacity.
The United States Food and Drug Administration has approved a new gene therapy for a rare genetic disorder.
Italy implemented reforms to improve efficiency in its public healthcare system.
Health experts from around the world highlighted the rise in obesity rates at an international health conference.
Spain expanded telemedicine services to improve access to healthcare in rural areas.
The World Health Organization put a strong emphasis on equitable vaccine distribution during a global policy briefing.
India and several other countries have collaborated on research to improve the outcomes of tuberculosis treatment.
Mexico has introduced national screening programs to detect diabetes early.
Japan increased healthcare spending to address a shortage of workforce in hospitals.
The United Nations has called for stronger health systems around the world to support older persons.
Sweden has long sold out on preventive healthcare programs to reduce the burden of medical costs.
International researchers have published new research on the impact of climate change on global health.
The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has updated travel health advisories.
Global pharma companies stepped up sales in vaccine discovery and development.
The World Health Organization launched a call to improve maternal health outcomes globally.
South Africa has strengthened its treatment programmes through the expansion of public healthcare services.
Argentina increased the availability of essential medicines to the Miam through national healthcare reforms.
The European Medicines Agency (EMA) has approved a new vaccine to prevent infectious diseases.
Global health organizations expressed concern over the declining immunization coverage of children.
Norway increased mental health services through increased funding for Miyam.
The United Nations has also sought assistance in rebuilding the healthcare infrastructure in the conflict affected areas.
Singapore expands digital health platforms for cooperation in chronic disease management.
International health experts highlighted the importance of early cancer screening programs.
the world health organization has published updated guidelines on managing infectious diseases.
New Zealand increased the training of the healthcare workforce to meet the growing demand.
The United States announced policy reforms to improve maternal healthcare outcomes.
At an international summit of global health leaders, there was a strong emphasis on universal health coverage.
Thailand strengthens primary healthcare services to reduce hospital overcrowding.
The International Red Cross expanded emergency medical response operations around the world.
Denmark has launched national initiatives to promote preventive health screening.
Researchers around the world have reported progress in developing vaccines for emerging infectious diseases.
Chile has invested heavily in modernizing public hospitals to increase the quality of care for patients.
The World Health Organization identified mental health as a global development priority.
International donors increased healthcare accessidmk fund in humanitarian crisis zones.
The Netherlands expanded long-range care services for the elderly.
Global health agencies coordinated responses to deal with rising cases of chronic diseases.
four out of 10 cancer cases in the world can be prevented.
The 2026 appeal has been launched to help millions of people in health emergencies and crisis settings.
New Customs classification of ticks to strengthen immediate measures.
the world health organization has launched a global appeal for nearly 1 billion dollars to help 36 health emergencies in 2026.
Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said that Haksal's 2026 appeal is more of a strategic investment in global security than charity.
the world health organization has pledged to provide assistance to 30 million people in humanitarian crises through the 2026 emergency fund.
funding the world health organization's emergency appeal will facilitate the deployment of 1370 mobile clinics worldwide.
experts in health identified afghanistan and sudan as areas of significant emergency response for the year 2026.
The World Health Organization warns that the world's humanitarian finances have seen far less funding than expected in decades.
Medical leaders in Australia and Canada expressed high hopes for the growth of the healthcare sector in the 2026 Outlook Survey.
The Deloitte 2026 Health Care Outlook reported that 80 percent of health executives have a positive view of their organizations.
The Food and Drug Administration granted breakthrough therapy designation to sevavirtinib for the treatment of lung cancer.
Bayer researchers announced that sevavirtinib shows promise as the first disease treatment for metastatic non-small cell lung cancer.
The Food and Drug Administration granted সি. পি. আই. -008দা Orphan Drug status for margin detection in pancreatic cancer surgery.
Arbelay received the Orphan drug designation for an investigational antibody-drug conjugate designed to treat pancreatic cancer.
revolution medicines reported encouraging antitumor activity for zoldonrasib in patients with lung cancer.
The Food and Drug Administration was quick to adopt the পি. এ. আর. জি. গী inhibitor ই. তি. এক্স. -19477 to treat platinum resistant ovarian cancer.
Eureka Therapeutics received a regenerative medicine designation for its সি. এ. আর. তি. -সেল্ therapy, which is in demand in liver cancer.
BioNTech and OncoC4 reported a meaningful benefit for Gottistobert in patients with squamous lung cancer.
The Food and Drug Administration cleared gene therapy কে. এল্. এন্. -1010 for clinical trials involving relapse multiple myeloma.
According to the Global Medical Trends Survey, global medical inflation is expected to reach 10. 3 per cent in 2026.
Insurers in the Asia Pacific region are expecting a 14 per cent increase in medical demand by the end of 2026.
The United Kingdom Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency is the chair of the International Access Consortium.
health system executives cited workforce shortages and productivity as their headcount for the 2026 operating year.
the world health organization estimates that there will be a global shortage of 1 million nurses by the year 2030.
It is estimated that nearly 40 per cent of general practitioners in the United Kingdom will leave the profession within five years.
Nearly 30 per cent of the world's health systems now report generative এ. আই. শিজিন্নরি in their day-to-day operations.
medical researchers are using "digital twins" to rehearse for heart valve replacements long before the actual surgery takes place.
জি. আই. জিনিয়স এ. আই. সিস্তেম্ has been used to reduce up to 50 per cent of colon polyps lost during current screening.
The Food and Drug Administration has approved renal denervation as a technology-based therapy to treat high blood pressure.
Hospitals are adopting zero-trust architectures to protect patient data from the growing cybersecurity threats globally.
England's National Health Service is launching a 7-minute cancer treatment to replace the hour-long infusions.
Cancer vaccine launch pad in United Kingdom matches patients with personalized এম্. আর. এন্. এ. গী cancer vaccine trials.
The researchers developed a blood protein test that can definitively detect 18 first-stage cancers at a clinical screening.
medical inflation in latin america is expected to increase by 1 per cent over the calendar year 2026.
the world health organization has prioritized the elimination of lymphatic filariasis in america by 2030.
Scientists have developed an AI model called Cybil that can predict the risk of lung cancer as early as 6 years of age.
The 2026 Health Emergency Appeal seeks to provide life-saving vaccines to more than 5 million children in crisis zones.
health systems increasingly use care in household clinics and home care to reduce the burden of hospital operations.
The Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency has issued new guidelines for users of mental health apps and technologies.
Bangladeshi public health experts are looking into a bat-borne virus called pteropine orthoreovirus in respiratory patients.
the rockefeller foundation analyzes the human impact of global medical fund cuts in 93 different countries.
Global defense spending exceeds $2. 5 trillion per year while health emergency funds continue to shrink.
The World Health Organization reports that one in six bacterial infections worldwide is now antibiotic resistant.
A new study published in The Lancet warns that cutting international aid could lead to 22 million additional deaths by 2030.
Scientists found that chronic stress damages the protective lining of the gut, reducing the amount of reelin protein.
A study of 2 million adults revealed that cerebral amyloid angiopathy is an important driver of dementia risk.
Australian researchers have completed a Phase II trial of a carbohydrate-based drug that could effectively reduce sepsis.
The Pan American Health Organization is implementing new surveillance systems to monitor mosquito-borne diseases.
Public health officials are upgrading the দবল্য়ু. ঐচ. ও. গী Global Traditional Medicine Center to lead research anchored in evidence.
the primary condition for which the signa group has a high burden of medical claims for employers worldwide has been diagnosed as cancer.
The United Nations is integrating mental health services into the primary education systems of emerging countries.
Medical technologists are developing smart pills that electronically confirm where a patient took their dose.
Johnson & Johnson Releases Veriplus Plus Platform to Improve Precision in Heart Rhythm Treatment
the anuvision ultrasound catheter was the first 4d imaging device to integrate with 3d cardiac mapping.
Clinical trials are testing whether modern epigenetic clocks can keep up with the pace of human biological aging.
Insurers are expanding coverage of fertility and family planning services, driven by rising global demand.
The use of 5G technology enables surgeons to perform remote robotic procedures across different continents.
the american heart association reports that the risk of heart disease in men begins to increase rapidly after the age of 35.
Gambia's Supreme Court is reviewing a ban on female genital mutilation after recent legal challenges.
Researchers have found that burning household plastic waste is a major health hazard hidden in growing regions.
Scientists have explored the bamboo as a perennial superfood, growing from a tree in need of nutritious food and fiber.
a new sugar substitute with zero metabolic impact is under regulatory review for the global market.
The Project HOPE organization is closing gaps in immunization for children in conflict-affected regions like Ukraine.
advanced এ. আই. গী models are being trained to detect signs of stress and anxiety in more than 50 languages.
After successful negotiations in low-income countries, the price of medicines for cystic fibrosis has dropped dramatically.
a global research effort has revealed that the effects of latent bacteria can make it difficult to treat diabetic foot infections.
Scientists have discovered that the human brain processes spoken language using patterns similar to those of advanced এ. আই. গী architectures.
The 2026 Global Medical Tourism Summit will focus on expanding regional medical hubs in South-East Asia.
researchers have found that helping animals can dramatically reduce cognitive decline in older people.
Health experts have warned that toxic disinfectants are poorly marketed as miracle cures in many places.
Pharma Companies Set to End Patents on Major Obesity Drugs by End of 2026
New Global Health Funds announced to address chronic health security gaps in South Asia.
Doctors are using hyper-personalized medicine to tailor cancer treatments based on a person's genetic profile.
Hospitals are using predictive analytics to forecast patient admissions and optimize staffing schedules.
insecticide treated cloth wraps are recommended to reduce malaria transmission to infants.
Scientists broke the loose rules of cancer evolution to announce tumour responses to immunotherapy.
A new medical implant for treatment-resistant depression has shown significant life-changing results in clinical trials.
The Indian Medical Association has announced new guidelines for telemedicine consultations in rural areas to improve healthcare accessibility.
AIIMS Delhi has successfully performed India's first robotic heart surgery on a 65-year-old patient in Rajasthan.
the ministry of health and family welfare has launched a campaign for universal immunization against japanese encephalitis in the backward states.
Private hospitals in Mumbai have reported a 30% increase in patient admissions, driven by seasonal influenza symptoms.
the drug controller general of india has granted approval to three new generic medicines for the treatment of diabetes sold by domestic pharmaceutical companies.
Public health officials in Kerala launched contact tracing efforts after Nipah virus cases were detected in Kozhikode district.
The National Health Mission has allocated additional funds for maternal healthcare programmes in Uttar Pradesh and Bihar.
Doctors developed a new surgical technique to treat spinal cord injuries using stem cell therapy.
the indian council of medical research has released new dietary guidelines to tackle the growing trend of obesity among urban population.
Healthcare workers in West Bengal received special training to manage cases of dengue fever during the monsoon.
Government of India has signed an agreement with Germany for collaborative medical research in the field of cancer treatment.
Pharmaceutical giant Cipla has announced the launch of breast implantable insulin pens for diabetic patients across villages in India.
Medical colleges in Tamil Nadu have introduced mandatory courses in traditional Ayurvedic medicine along with modern medical curriculum.
The Supreme Court of India has directed the State Governments to ensure that adequate supply of oxygen is made available to all Government Hospitals by Soyedna.
Researchers at the Indian Institute of Science have developed a portable diagnostic device to diagnose tuberculosis in remote areas.
Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has reported a sharp decline in the number of infant mortality across the North-Eastern States in the last five years.
Private healthcare providers in Bengaluru have partnered with technology companies to implement artificial intelligence in radiology departments.
The Central Drugs Standard Control Organisation had banned the sale of 14 fixed-dose combination medicines due to safety concerns.
Concerns over communicable diseases have led to medical professionals in Goa setting up free health camps for migrant workers.
The Indian Red Cross Society has launched the Blood Donation Drive to address the acute shortage of blood at blood banks across metropolitan cities.
Doctors at Fortis Healthcare successfully separated the conjoined twins using advanced 3D imaging technology and surgical planning.
The Ministry promoted integrated healthcare approaches combined with modern medicine and traditional Indian healing systems.
Public health experts have warned of rising antimicrobial resistance in India's hospitals and recommended stricter antibiotic protocols.
the national sample survey office conducted a series of composite studies on healthcare expenditure patterns among households in india.
Medical researchers in Pune discovered genetic markers linked to increased incidence of heart disease in South Asian populations.
The Drug Technical Advisory Board recommends new practices for clinical trials of investigational medicines in pharmaceutical research in India.
Healthcare administrators in Delhi have implemented digital patient management systems to reduce waiting time in government hospitals.
the indian nursing council has notified revised standards for nursing education to comply with the international healthcare quality benchmarks.
The paediatric specialists of Apollo Hospitals have successfully performed a liver transplant surgery on a 6-month-old baby boy from Afghanistan.
The Health Ministry has launched Mobile Medical Units to provide healthcare services in the remote tribal areas of Odisha.
Cardiologists in Chennai developed minimally invasive procedures to treat coronary artery disease using robotic surgical systems.
India's Food and Drug Administration mandates new labeling requirements for over-the-counter pain relief medicines.
Medical students from Jawaharlal Institute of Postgraduate Medical Education received training in emergency medicine and trauma care.
the national health authority has expanded the coverage of pradhan mantri jan arogya yojana to include more medical procedures.
Oncologists at Tata Memorial Hospital have launched new immunotherapy trials to treat people with advanced lung cancer.
Public health officials in Gujarat implemented surveillance systems to monitor waterborne diseases during the summer months.
The Indian Pharmaceutical Alliance promised patent reforms to improve access to essential medicines for chronic diseases.
Neurologists at NIMHANS Bengaluru have trained young patients in deep brain stimulation techniques to treat Parkinson's disease.
The Union Government has released emergency fund for upgrading medical infrastructure in the regions affected by COVID19.
Healthcare technology startups in Hyderabad created mobile applications for remote patient monitoring and medication enhancement.
the medical council of india has introduced new assessment criteria for evaluating clinical competency among medical sathras who have completed their graduation.
Orthopaedic surgeons in Jaipur have successfully performed joint replacement surgeries using prosthetic implants made in-house.
The Department of Biotechnology has put on sale research projects focused on developing indigenous vaccines for the prevention of tropical diseases.
Mental health professionals across India have pledged to increase government spending on psychiatric care and counselling services.
The Central Bureau of Investigation has initiated inquiries into fake medical degree certificates issued by unknown institutions.
Kolkata's respiratory specialists report a surprising rise in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease cases linked to air pollution.
the national institute of virology has confirmed its capabilities for laboratory testing of emerging infectious diseases affecting animals and humans.
healthcare economists analyzed the economic impact of noncommunicable diseases on indian households and healthcare systems.
The Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology has promoted initiatives on digital health records to improve healthcare coordination.
Dermatologists in Mumbai have documented a rise in cases of skin cancer among workers outside exposed to high levels of ultraviolet radiation.
Bollywood is struggling at the box office after a number of big-budget films underperformed across the board.
South Indian cinema continues to enjoy pan-India popularity with record-breaking theatrical releases.
Streaming platforms are seeing a huge surge in regional language original content.
The veteran actor is back once again after a long hiatus, leaving fans in awe.
The film industry has been struggling to come to terms with the rising demand for tickets, which has taken a heavy toll on the theatrical run.
New Bollywood music albums rekindle nostalgia among audiences across generations.
International Film Festivals showcase a strong Indian presence across categories.
Young actors dominate debut performances, giving them roles that audiences will appreciate.
The remake trend has led to confusion about originality within mainstream Hindi cinema.
The awards season promises to tell a different story for every film and web series.
Bollywood brides take more weight in social media trends in all festive moods.
Cinematographers are to be commended for the spectacular big screen views.
Films led by women continue to record consistent box office growth in all Araban markets.
Celebrity fitness transformations are wowing fans across all digital platforms.
Directors experiment with unconventional narratives, challenging the norms of traditional storytelling.
Music concerts return in droves, big crowds likely in post-pandemic era
Star kids have faced scrutiny within the film industry over debut opportunities.
Biographic films captivate audiences looking for real-life inspirational stories.
ও. তি. তি. গী Thrillers outperform theatrical releases on viewer engagement metric.
Regional cinema collaborations foster cross-industry creative partnerships.
Veteran film makers mentor emerging talent through independent cinema projects.
Comedy films once again find favour with the audience, providing the much needed light entertainers to the audience.
Period dramas entertain viewers with lavish production values and performances.
Film promotions have shifted a lot towards digital campaign and influenza marketing.
Celebrity interviews spark conversation on mental health awareness.
Movie soundtracks are trending on music streaming platforms globally.
Debutant directors get appreciation for bold storytelling techniques.
Dance reality shows take more weight in the weekend's television viewership charts.
International collaborations have broadened the global footprint of Indian cinema.
Kortakis dramas are gaining popularity, which exposes the social issues of the times.
Debates of film censorship surface once again, followed by vociferous movie releases.
Actors are breaking the shackles of stereotypical screen images and exploring antagonist roles.
Costume designers get recognition for authentic period film styling.
The film's sequels continue to woo loyal fan bases, ensuring solid opening collections.
Indie films find wide audiences in Pakistan through festival circuit recognition.
Celebrity memory announcements arouse the vital interest of readers.
Animation films have seen a growing acceptance among the Indian family audience.
The digital series storytelling approach speaks louder than traditional television stories.
Veteran musicians collaborate with young composers, creating new sounds.
Film industry unions vow working condition reforms
Experimental cinema finds traction among multiplex audiences.
Celebrity philanthropy initiatives are widely appreciated in Pakistan.
The horror genre is coming to life once again with new storytelling techniques.
Music reality show winners are sure to grab mainstream playback opportunities.
Film trailers are breaking records of online viewership in a matter of hours.
Actors go through a lot of pain in production, finding support in content-driven projects.
Regional award ceremonies attract national media attention.
Film critics have hailed a cinema revival fuelled by solid screenplays.
Celebrity fashion choices have influenced fashion trends of the time.
Cinema chains are expanding in tier two cities.
Social media controversies have taken a toll on film promotion strategies.
Sports biopics continue to perform strongly at the box office.
Actors undergo intensive training for physically demanding roles.
Film festivals place a strong emphasis on inclusivity and top-notch representation.
New age film makers are challenging the formulas of commercial cinema.
Classic films are returning to theaters through restoration projects.
The celebrity podcast format has increased fan engagement online.
Film editors are focusing on several areas for new narrative paces.
Digital premieres bridge the gap between theatrical and streaming releases.
Experimental music albums appeal to a silent but loyal audience.
Celebrity endorsements are moving towards sustainable lifestyle brands.
The court's verdicts put an end to the long-pending film release disputes.
Action films raise technical standards with advanced visual effects.
Music labels have invested heavily in independent artist development.
Film award controversies have caused outrage on all social media platforms.
Actors successfully transition between cinema and web series.
Scriptwriting workshops nurture the next generation's storytelling talent.
Family Entertainments finds dominance once again during Sooty's release windows.
Film marketing is relying more on viral digital moments.
Celebrity friendships make headlines when they come out in public.
Debut actors get appreciation for solid performance-driven roles.
Film sound design has received industry recognition for a long time.
The ও. তি. তি. গী platforms are experimenting with sort format series.
The directors revisit the classic genre with modern sensibilities.
Celebrity weddings drive tourism to destination venues.
Film schools are reporting a surge in enrolment interest across the board.
Actors think about failure in career, give ethic to aspiring artists.
Music festivals showcase a fusion of traditional and contemporary sounds.
Film journalists have been reporting on the shift in the direction of content over star power.
Theatre artists make successful transitions to mainstream cinema.
Celebrity legal disputes attract intense media scrutiny.
Film production houses announce ambitious multi-film lineups.
Regional cinema remakes have dominated national box office rankings.
Actors balance commercial projects with meaningful storytelling choices.
Improving the quality of film dubbing widens the reach of the multilingual audience.
Streaming platforms are driving sales growth in documentary content.
Celebrity interviews reveal the secrets behind the industry.
Film critics have praised the revival of the romantic drama genre once again.
Young composers are changing Bollywood's music landscape once again.
Upgrading cinema exhibition technology enhances the experience of the audience.
Actors have pledged support for mental wellness within the film fraternity.
Independent film makers secure international distribution deals with soi.
Film promotions placed a strong emphasis on authenticity rather than the publicity that Cara Hanne did.
Music biopics have sparked a renewed interest in legendary artists.
Celebrity social media is breaking the silence on misinformation issues.
Film audiences have embraced these formats of short runtime storytelling.
The ও. তি. তি. গী platforms initiate theatrical window experiment strategies.
Directors prioritize solid writing over focused cinema.
India's entertainment industry has recorded a steady recovery post the pandemic.
Audiences are celebrating the diverse voices that are shaping modern Indian cinema.
Pakistani actor Humaira Asghar's family fumes after news of death.
Cannes 2025 sees India Pavilion Sangba featuring Anupam Kher.
Mukesh Khanna is back as Shaktimaan at the launch of new audio series.
Aranyer Din Ratri at Cannes includes Sharmila Tagore on the red carpet.
Cannes Review Hails Newbelle Veg Tribute to French New Wave Filmmakers
Two prosecutors of Sergei Lozynsa screened ExpressKidmak at the Cannes Festival.
Samay Rai shares photos with latent controversy figures after Naughty.
আই. পি. এল্. গী Posting momentums with আর. জে. মহবাসনা Yuzvendra Chahal after hattrick history.
In the midst of all the media rumours, Shubman Gill broke the rumours of dating roomers with Avneet Kaur.
Shaktimaan's Mukesh Khanna is passionate about addressing today's young audience.
Veterans denounce the violence of the Middle East, Indian intellectuals promote the solidarity of Gaza.
The film Rapture was hailed as the creative pinnacle of Indian independent cinema.
Kantara and কে. জি. এফ. 2না headlined the National Film Awards with a total of four wins.
Parag Tyagi vows to continue being remembered online with late partner Shefali Jariwala.
Rajkummar Rao remembers the changes in the revised Gangs of Wasseypur script on social media.
Kangana questions sentiment politics after Diljit Dosanjh supports cultural row.
Rajamouli and Daggubati share decades of friendship while Baahubali reunion absent stars.
Amitabh Bachchan channels Vijay promo on new season of Kaun Banega Crorepati.
Shruti Haasan claims that while celebrities have tasted success, South stars have remained intact.
Kapil Sharma Cafe shares news from the horror of the life-changing firing incident.
Ranveer Singh's film Dhurandhar is keeping fans excited with powerful action sequences.
Hritik Roshan lounges with sons, shares glimpses of family life.
Ryan Coogler reveals original Black Panther 2 concept featuring T'Challa's legacy.
Amitabh Bachchan shoots without taking any fees in scorching temperatures.
The death of Mohanlal's mother Santhakumari unites Mammootty's family.
Shashi Kapoor's film went over budget as it went with the shades of historical Russia.
Salman Khan enjoys a baby shower, brothers mero daan with ease.
The box office is witnessing the buzz of Tu Meri Main Tera amidst the Dhurandhar wave.
Rekha blesses Agastya Nanda with a flying kiss at Ikkis premiere.
Bollywood's 2025 year-end report card slays Hingsa's male icons
Dhurandhar movie box office collection is the highest in Hindi language in 25 days.
Ikkis Day 1 updates show strong box office debut across India.
The Ramayan and Action sequels make predictions for the make-or-break cinema year of 2026.
Rekha's rare revelation about Gemini Ganesan is a reminder of personal history.
27 days of Dhurandhar Box Office cementing the success of Ranveer Singh's film.
Bollywood actors are celebrating Raksha Bandhan with high-profile moments with siblings.
Anurag Kashyap Marals Netflix for Breaking Content Selection Rules
Aryaman Sethi's personal depression struggle, narrated by Archana Puransingh.
Vijay Devarakonda's Kingdom changes issue sequence in ও. তি. তি. গী release reaction.
Rajinikanth and Vijay's film banter adds to the energy of Lokesh Kanagaraj's commentary.
Njandukalude Naattil Oridavela seems to have changed the cliché genre once again at the Malayalam box office.
Fans slam Payal Rohta's crude comments on Alia Bhatt's privacy plea for pandam.
The restored Godfather trilogy to have a cultural release across India soon.
Bigg Boss Malayalam's highest paid contestants expressed with celebrity তি. ভি. গী host's salary.
Bisal has revealed the first look for Magudam with three different looks.
Amal Malik confirms a new relationship after emotional Bigg Boss confrontation.
Tamil actor Rajesh passes away, heartiest congratulations to Rajinikanth.
Yash's first Raavan look in Ramayana set with stunts.
Urvashi Rautela says DiCaprio called her'Queen of Cannes'in viral post.
Hritik Roshan plans to team up with Hombale Films for new projects
It is reported that Amitabh Bachchan is buying the big AYODHYA property of Big Senpham.
Tamannaah Bhatia is breaking the Instagram algorithm big time by liking Deepika Padukone's support post.
Tiger Shroff recalls Jackie Shroff's bankruptcy woes in the quest for a memorable win.
The mastermind, Bang Si Hyuk, is facing legal scrutiny amid rumours of a sale.
Aryan Khan's ও. তি. তি. গী show has sparked controversy over the Bharat vs Hollywood controversy.
Kapil continues to create soulful melodies in the garb of stage performances, even when the nerves are too tense to breathe.
Lollapalooza India 2026 Performers and Ticketing Plans Announced
Pawan Kalyan's fantasy epic Hari Hara Veera Mallu will soon be streamed for purchase.
Shoojit Sircar defends changed Raanjhanaa ends collaboration comments
Swetha Menon becomes the first female এ. এম্. এম্. এ. গী president Hema commented on the report.
Indian cinema explores complex family dynamics through contemporary storytelling.
Regional films have received a lot of appreciation for their socially grounded stories.
Film festivals are exposing the growing alienation within independent cinema in India.
Nupi film makers are adapting the mainstream conversation with bold, creative visions once in a while.
Classical music concerts see a renewed interest among younger audiences.
Theatre productions adapt literary classics for modern stage interpretations.
Malayalam cinema continues Masa's steady run with nuance character-driven films.
Streaming platforms are expanding the catalogue of arthouse and experimental cinema.
Directors revisit themes of folklore using modern cinematic techniques.
Biographic films explore the lives of artists outside of public personnel.
Documentary film makers convey environments through visual storytelling.
Film critics have been taking note of the renaissance of realism in contemporary Indian cinema.
Debut actors get appreciation for extraordinary and authentic performances.
Music composers incorporate traditional ragas with contemporary soundscapes.
Regional language cinema is increasingly playing a role in international film festivals.
Independent films find a wider audience through curated digital platforms.
Costume design emerges as an important narrative tool in period dramas.
Veteran actors transition well to gender-driven supporting roles.
Cinema reflects changing urban relationships and growing social identities.
Literary adaptations take precedence in discussions at national film forums.
Filmmakers explore aspects of mental health with sensitivity and restraint.
Stories centred on women have long challenged conventional cinematic notions.
Film preservation efforts have often revived classics for audiences of this generation.
Sound design has received a lot of recognition within Indian film criticism.
Young directors experiment with non-linear narrative structures.
Music albums that imbue sirens with a sense of euphoria captivate the silent but loyal listener.
Film censor debates expose the tension between creativity and regulation.
Performative minimalism finds appreciation in independent cinema circles.
Theatre artists bridge the gap between stage and screen performance.
India's animation industry is expanding beyond just telling stories that are rooted in children.
Film societies have revived interest in retrospectives of world cinema.
Regional cinema remakes have sparked debates on cultural adaptation ethics.
Digital premieres transform audience engagement with serious cinema once again.
Actors have chosen scripts that prioritise suspense over commercial formulas.
Music festivals often celebrate the fusion of classical and contemporary traditions.
Film schools are reporting a surge in interest in screenwriting programs.
Critics have praised the light-hearted storytelling style, which represents focused cinema.
This documentary series examines the forgotten cultural histories of many lands.
Experiment sort films get visibility through curated streaming sections.
The stories of cinema have brought to the fore the views of a more sober community.
Literary festivals often feature discussions on cinema and storytelling ethics.
Film editing techniques have evolved to suit digital viewing habits.
Directors put a strong emphasis on honesty while narrating historical events.
Independent producers find support in low-budget films with a strong thematic focus.
Actors think about the role of representation in popular cinema.
Music documentaries explore the evolution of regional folk traditions.
Indian cinema is witnessing new interactions between art and commerce.
Theatre adventures explore political themes through symbolic storytelling.
Film criticism platforms have encouraged readers to take cinema more seriously than its language.
Regional film makers work together for stories shared across industries.
Digital platforms commission content that is anchored in local cultural contexts.
Film festivals have kept alive the spirit of sustainability and inclusive creative practices.
Cinema reflects the Indian social concerns of this religion in a much more nuanced way.
The art direction is remarkable in the cinematic stories that make up Malem.
Actors revisit theatre training once to improvise performance techniques.
Film music is experimenting with more silence and minimalism.
Independent cinema challenges audience expectations through unconventional endings.
Films driven by storytelling are slowly taking over the mainstream discourse once again.
India's entertainment industry is navigating a balance between tradition and innovation.
Audiences are reflecting the growing appeal of conceptual and reflective cinema.
Bollywood box office is witnessing an unparalleled recovery amid a change in audience expectations.
Viewers have highlighted the growing popularity of conceptualised mainstream cinema.
Films from South India continue to be shot in multiplex markets in the North.
ও. তি. তি. গী Platforms take greater weight in entertainment consumption among Arab youth audiences.
Celebrity weddings capture people's attention across all social media platforms.
Film trailers create huge online buzz within hours of release.
Actors take up unconventional roles, challenging fading screen personas.
Music concerts return to India's big cities with record crowd venues.
Films led by women find sustained commercial success across the board.
The streaming series fared better than the theatrical releases on the viewer engagement metric.
Vijay Deverakonda is expanding the fanbase much beyond the South market.
Directors experiment with genre blending to appeal to younger audiences.
Film promotions are relying heavily on digital marketing strategies.
Star kids face scrutiny over opportunities to launch Hanjin.
Period dramas entertain audiences with grand visuals and performances.
Film sequels are getting solid openings driven by loyal fanbases Soyed.
Indie films get recognition through international festival screenings.
Tamanna Bhatia has marked the milestone with a special issue on the chart.
Comedy films once again find favour with the audience, exuding soulful entertainment.
Music albums inspired by the nostalgia trend among streaming platforms.
Actors turn producers, back content-driven cinema projects.
The dramas of the court depicted the social and political aspects of the religion.
Film censorship debates come up once again after a tumultuous release.
Kareena Kapoor is headlining the female-led investigative drama.
The horror genre is coming back to life once again with new storytelling trends.
Digital premieres are bridging the gap between theatres and streaming windows.
Film critics have praised the re-invention of screenplay driven cinema.
Regional cinema collaborations strengthen cross-industry partnerships.
Celebrity memoir announcements arouse strong interest from readers.
Varun Dhawan is exploring a darker role in the upcoming thriller.
Film festivals are busting the stereotype of Indian storytelling.
Anushka Sharma pens heartfelt note on cinematic journey.
Actors undergo rigorous training for physically demanding roles.
Family members dominate the box office during festivals.
Film marketing increasingly relies on viral social media moments.
Hritik Roshan wraps up schedule of much awaited sequel.
Debut actors earn accolades for credible and accomplished performances.
Aamir Khan confirms return with ambitious big budget drama
ও. তি. তি. গী Platforms are spending a lot of money on documentary storytelling.
Priyanka Chopra starts shooting for upcoming Hollywood venture.
Kiara Advani leaves fans excited at the International Film Festival.
Katrina Kaif turns producer with content driven project.
Film production houses have announced huge multi-film slates.
Regional cinema remakes take more weight than the national box office charts.
Actors balance commercial success with choices to tell meaningful stories.
The improvement in film dubbing widened the reach of multilingual audiences.
Streaming platforms introduce short format series of experiments.
Salman Khan has announced a new action entertainer for Eid.
Film schools are reporting a surge in enrolments across all creative courses.
Music festivals often showcase the fusion of traditional and contemporary sounds.
Alia Bhatt is all praise for the power packed traditional performance.
Film schools attract aspirants who tread the path of storytelling rather than stardom.
Actors think about success, give inspiration to aspiring artists.
Cinema chains are increasing their presence in tier two cities.
Film promotion strategies are in sync with changing audience attention spans.
Music biopics continue to pay homage to legendary artists.
Celebrity social media activities shape people's stories.
Film audiences have appreciated the extraordinary storytelling and ten turns.
ও. তি. তি. গী Platforms experiment with limited episode storytelling formats.
Directors prioritise writing quality over spectacle-driven narratives.
Indian cinema has recorded a steady recovery post the pandemic.
Actors are advocating for mental wellness support within the entertainment industry.
Film critics have hailed the return of the romantic drama genre.
Regional award ceremonies attract media attention everywhere they are held.
Celebrity podcasts drive increased fan engagement across all platforms.
India's entertainment reflects the national sadness conversation with this change.
Independent cinema finds a foothold with mainstream releases.
Music composers work together across genres, creating new soundscapes.
Film festivals promote inclusive and cultural representation.
Actors are exploring antagonist roles, subverting traditional hero images.
Costume designers are known for detailed character aesthetics.
Social media controversies have overshadowed film release processes.
Sports biopics continue to hold popularity with audiences.
Film restoration projects are reviving classics once for all new generations.
Celebrity parenting moments trend massively on online platforms.
Music streaming is changing the listening habits of young audiences once again.
Film criticism goes beyond analysis to focus on the box office.
Actors take a look back at theatre's roots to refine the craft.
Experiment Cinema attracts a picky but loyal viewership.
Directors blend realism with commercial storytelling techniques.
India's animation industry is expanding beyond just content that is geared towards children.
Sound design is slowly changing the emotional grammar of cinema these days once again.
Celebrity award speeches have sparked cultural and political debates.
Streaming platforms commission regionally rooted original content.
Actors navigate fame pressures amid constant public attention.
Film sound tracks enjoy viral popularity among short video platforms.
Theatre adaptations explore political themes of the times.
Cinema is increasingly reflecting emerging Arab Indian identities.
Celebrity lifestyle interviews bring in strong digital readership.
Independent producers find support in films that focus on low-budget content.
Upgrades in film exhibition technology have enhanced the viewing experience.
Audiences demand authenticity over formula-driven cinema.
Music documentaries explore the evolution of Indian popular culture.
Film narratives have brought to the fore the views of the Sothara community.
Actors choose projects that are in sync with personal creative values.
Digital storytelling is transforming traditional entertainment consumption patterns once again.
Movie marketing budgets shift toward influenza collaborations.
Cinema's discussions are more about representation and inclusivity.
Music albums experiment with minimalistic production styles.
India's entertainment industry is rapidly adapting to digital disruption.
Debut performances signal generational shift in acting sensibilities.
Tollywood films continue to maintain a strong box office in all domestic and overseas markets.
South Indian stars have gained pan-India recognition through multilingual cinema projects.
The ও. তি. তি. গী platforms are reinventing the viewing habits of the young urban audience.
Celebrity weddings continue to be the big talking point across all entertainment media.
Film teasers generate huge digital attention within minutes of release.
Actors challenge traditional hero stereotypes by experimenting with intense roles.
Music concerts draw huge crowds in Hyderabad and Bengaluru.
Films based on masculinity find favour with the audience and the audience.
Streaming thrillers take more weight on weekend watchlists across all platforms.
Directors explore socially relevant themes through mainstream cinema.
Film promotions are relying more on social media engagement strategies.
The star opened up about nepotism within the film industry.
Period films inspire audiences with rich visuals and storytelling.
The sequels have ensured that Swayed gets solid openings encouraged by loyal fan followers.
Independent cinema is gaining attention through international festival screenings.
Celebrity fashion statements are trending on digital platforms in Pakistan.
Comedy entertainers bring relief amid intense action film releases.
Music albums that take inspiration from folk traditions are gaining new popularity.
Actors turning producers, back content-driven regional cinema.
Court dramas are rapidly revealing legal and ethical issues.
Film certification controversies have once again sparked concerns about creative freedom.
Celebrity charity initiatives have received praise from fans and friends.
Horror films often feature re-enactments with new storytelling techniques.
Digital premieres reduce the wait on theatrical release.
Film critics have praised the rise of screenplay-focused cinema.
Regional film collaborations strengthen cross-industry creative exchanges.
Celebrity memories capture the keen interest of readers everywhere.
Music reality show winners are making their way to mainstream playback opportunities.
Film festivals focus on trends that stand out within the Indian cinema landscape.
Action films raise standards with haunting visual effects.
Actors undergo rigorous training for physically demanding roles.
Family entertainers are dominating the box office collections during the festive season.
Film marketing strategies are in sync with rapidly changing audience attention spans.
Celebrity friendships and reunions make headlines every now and then.
Debut actors have aced the critics with a convincing screen presence.
Film sound design has received little appreciation from industry insiders.
ও. তি. তি. গী Platforms drive sales growth in regional original content.
Directors revisit classic genres with modern narrative twists.
Theatre artists make successful transitions to mainstream cinema.
Celebrity legal disputes have attracted a lot of public and media attention.
Film production houses have been announcing big lineups for years to come.
Regional cinema remakes continue to mint money at the national box office.
Family members often take the reins during politically charged cultural climates.
Improving the quality of dubbing widens the reach of films to multilingual audiences.
Streaming platforms are testing short episode formats for series.
Celebrity endorsements are increasingly focusing on lifestyle and wellness brands.
Film schools are reporting a surge in interest in creative choruses.
Amid growing cultural conformity, film festivals are bringing the wrong voices to the fore.
Film journalists are reporting on the shift towards content-driven narratives.
South Indian cinema continues to shape national entertainment trends.
Bollywood explores romance once again when audiences are constantly busy with action spectacles.
Regional cinema is gradually emerging in a unique way with more inventive storytelling approaches than mainstream releases.
Streaming platforms have given rise to bold narratives that have been eclipsed by theatre cinema in the past.
Celebrity weddings combine civility and focus under a constant public gaze.
Film festivals provide the platform to fight against commercial cinema, which is based on formulae.
The actors take on flawed characters that expose the urban bawa of the times.
Music concerts tend to return to being cultural gatherings rather than just spontaneous performances.
Stories led by women are challenging box office expectations and industry expectations.
Independent films find loyal audiences over opening weekend numbers
Directors are breaking boundaries between arthouse cinema and mass entertainment.
Soundtracks that ooze nostalgia amidst untold cultural moments find greater weight in playlists.
Theatre adaptation once again interprets classics for the discerning modern audience.
Celebrity interviews reveal the thin line between anonymity and privacy.
Period dramas revisit history with political undertones and perspectives.
Even when debates of originality are not allowed to conclude, film sequels are fast paced.
Indie film makers resist the pressures of algorithmically anchored storytelling.
Fashion matters on the red carpet spark great cultural conversations.
Comedy returns as an additional antidote to cinema.
Music albums explore melancholy and hope as chaps alike.
Actors turn producers seeking creative autonomy instead of safe stardom.
Court dramas reflect society's growing distrust of institutions.
Censorship debates see fragile balance between art and authority.
Celebrity activism divides opinion in all the echo chambers of social media.
Horror cinema increasingly veers from jump scares to psychological terrors.
Following the rituals of digital premieres Anticipation and audience engagement.
Film criticism once again takes the relevance over box office arithmetic.
Cross-regional collaborations challenge linguistic silos within cinema.
Memoirs from celebrities break the lines between confession and performance.
Reality television continues their obsession with the spectacle of Substance Mahuta.
He said 10 lakh youth are being trained in the field of Artificial Intelligence.
4G and 5G network services have reached every nook and corner of the country through over one lakh mobile towers.
In the last year alone, 50 thousand new startups have been registered.
A reliable deterrent requires domestic production, resilient supply chains, and the ability to sustain operations without external dependence.
In less than a decade, there were less than 500 start-ups.
A historic decision has been taken to exempt income tax up to Rs. 12 lakh.
A large part of India, and a significant part of the population, does not have access to adequate facilities.
A man from Jaipur in Rajasthan said he fears what the BJP's third term could mean for minorities.
A new policy has also been formulated to allow them to use the resources available in the high seas.
A new policy has been formulated to provide benefits to the fishermen living on the coastal side.
A salient feature of the document is its emphasis on defence production and industrial capacity.
A recent court verdict also exposed how far the BJP has benefited from an opaque form of campaign finance.
About 12 crore loans have been given for self-employment for the first time.
After independence, India's progress was marked by a cacophony of voices from some cities and regions.
Confidence in made-in-India defence platforms has been reinforced after Operation Sindoor.
After the events in Dibrugarh, Sah will move to Dhemaji district and join a community cultural festival.
After unveiling the projects, he will address a public meeting at the venue.
Aizawl and New Delhi in Mizoram are connected by direct rail route.
All the results will be counted and declared on June 4.
Alliances continue to be important, but their nature is carefully calibrated.
Also there is connectivity from Nongpok Bharat, from Chennai to Vladivostok and Polar route.
In addition, development works worth more than 17 lakh crore rupees have also been completed.
There has been a consensus among tongans of different ideologies and different views that there is nothing bigger than the nation.
India is playing the role of a bridge to the world amidst the current difficult global situation.
And we have agreed that negotiations between India and the EU on a free trade agreement should begin only once.
And we will give it the highest priority, he said, responding to another question.
In addition to chips, there is another major sector for which my government is working in mission mode.
Apart from nuclear energy, India is making rapid strides in the solar power sector.
Under this scheme, about 2. 5 lakh houses have been built for the poor in these villages.
As a result of the policies of my Government, the income of the citizens has increased.
As a result, more than 25 crore citizens have been brought out of poverty in the last few decades.
As a result, the production of oilseed crops has also increased in the region.
As a result, the nature of work is also changing rapidly.
As a result, more than one rupee of tax payers'money is spent on development and welfare.
As a young voter, I want development, better jobs, and equal opportunity for the people. "
At the beginning of 2014, only 25 crore citizens were covered by social security schemes.
At the same time, it remains committed to the resolve of'India First'.
Behind this success is my government's balanced foreign policy and far-sighted vision.
The Bharatiya Janata Party is hoping to increase its parliamentary majority amid the wave of protests.
Going into the elections, the BJP's strong position was partly due to the stable opposition situation,
Both the documents delve into the objectives, prioritize domestic security and frame the partnerships in practical terms.
But Manipur must not be left out. The state has been on fire since 2023.
China remains a major external threat, but the way it is being dealt with is telling:
Citizens are also proud of India's metro network.
Citizens remember such great milestones of their illustrious past and the remarkable contributions of their forefathers.
Civil Aviation and Tourism were also a subject of discussion. We would like to see more Russian tourists in India.
The first 25 years of this century were marked by many triumphs, significant achievements, and extraordinary experiences.
In view of the recent electoral upheavals, we hope that the forthcoming Assembly session in Assam this year will be dedicated to the spirit of Bihu.
Critics say the BJP government has used the state machinery systematically to go after and jail political opponents.
Cruise tourism boosts tourism to areas near rivers and beaches.
Deepfakes, misinformations, and fake content have become a significant threat to democracy, social harmony, and public trust.
Defence cooperation is defined as a pillar of reciprocal, unconditional and shared endeavour rather than political symbolism.
Defence exports have also crossed a record Rs. 23 thousand crore.
The defense of territory, borders, and critical infrastructure were considered more core military missions than supporting and secondary issues.
Despite various global crises, India continues to be the fastest growing major economy in the world.
More than 7200 kilometers of National Highways have been constructed in the North-Nongpok region in the last 11 years.
In the last few decades, four crore pucca houses have been built for the poor.
In the last one year, India has added about 18 thousand kilometers of new rural roads.
In the last year alone, 2. 5 crore poor patients have received free medical treatment under this scheme.
About one crore new households have been provided with tap water connections in the last one year.
In the last few years, my government has provided permanent employment to lakhs of youth through various employment fairs.
In the third term of my government, the voice of empowering the poor is being heard more and more loudly.
There were earlier only five National Waterways in India, which have now crossed the 100 mark.
the year 2026 has been an important year for the democratic process in india and in various regions of the world.
Recently in Assam, meekhal was celebrated on the occasion of Bihu.
electoral bonds have faced severe criticism for their lack of transparency.
Of equal importance is the strategy's reluctance to do so, which leaves little room for complacency about ambitious regional architectures.
Europe offers many opportunities for cooperation in the spheres of technology, joint development, and defence relations.
Even in the midst of these challenging circumstances, India is making rapid strides on the path of development.
Even the invading nations, in the matter of priorities, express their trust in India.
You have seen first-hand how citizens have been seduced by the historic next generation reforms.
Explain how Prime Minister Narendra Modi's party has benefited from a promising financing scheme.
The barcophorus of this longevity is in the dozens of labour laws that have been enacted.
For India, this shadow is palpable against the larger context of Pakistan.
For India, the message is a special one-that deterrence, capability and resilience are no longer optional choices.
For the Congress, the survey predicts 80 seats, a far cry from the 97 forecast in the August 2025 edition.
For elections, the alliance led by it wins more than 400 seats.
For the India block, the survey expects a 39% vote share.
Over the years, there has been an atmosphere of insecurity, fear and mistrust in all the 126 districts of the country.
From the point of view of culture, India is one of the richest countries in the world.
The youth and women of the region, in particular, stand to gain immensely from these changes.
Generous welfare schemes and international recognition of India as a major emerging world power courted by world leaders.
keep all real-time updates, important dates, voting trends, and verified news in one place.
The Government is focusing on all other areas like their nutrition, health, and education.
In line with the progressive outlook and policies of the Government, women are making rapid strides in every aspirational sector of the economy.
It is heartening to note that more than 25 lakh new jobs have been created in the electronics manufacturing sector alone.
He dismissed recent claims that attacks on opposition figures were being intensified in the build-up to the summit.
Homeland Security and the Western Hemisphere are high on the agenda.
This women and children's hospital in Agartala will greatly enhance healthcare facilities.
How do we arrive at long term arrangements on that subject was a big part of our discussions.
How does the hawkish United States perceive power, risk, and responsibility in this changing international system.
But due to the struggles of the fatherland and the fear in the years after independence, the rich heritage by becoming trees has suffered a lot.
Even after so much of colonization, over a decade of fear and despair, 95% of India's trade today is carried on board large merchant ships.
the only data release does not map those who still hold electoral bonds with recipients.
At the same time, Vaishnaw asserted that the actions of the government have further weakened the opposition.
I am confident that every citizen will discharge his or her duties in the national interest and for the welfare of all.
I thank you all for this historic reform.
Congratulations to all citizens on the conclusion of negotiations for a Free Trade Agreement with the European Union.
I congratulate all the hon'ble members that a special discussion was held in the Parliament on this auspicious occasion.
I think in the interest of the global economy, this corridor is progressing.
I think what is clear today is that the India-Russia relationship is very fragile, very fragile, [. . ]
I think we are living according to a special and privileged strategic partnership.
I will vote for Congress because that is the only way to fight BJP's politics of dividing India.
The fish production in the region has increased to about 200 lakh tonnes.
Four more semiconductor manufacturing units have been sanctioned in 2025.
India's defence production to grow by over Rs 1. 5 lakh crore by 2025
The entire metro network of India will cross the historic mark of one thousand kilometers by 2025.
In areas such as mobile manufacturing, India is now the world's second-largest consumer.
In line with the policy of my Government, the security forces have also worked relentlessly against Maoist terror.
In the coming years, our purchase will go a long way in the direction of setting up an Indian station in space.
In the afternoon, he will visit the Assam BJP headquarters in Guwahati.
India is also recognized as one of the most successful countries in the world in the field of milk production.
India's smartphone exports cross Rs 1 lakh crore in first five months of Q1
India has achieved a record production of over 350 million tonnes of food grains in the last year.
India was once a superpower in the maritime domain.
This collective resolve will determine the progress of the nation in the coming decade.
In the trade agreement, the government sacrificed the interests of farmers and agricultural landowners.
In just 10 years, India has become the third largest startup ecosystem in the world.
In this journey, patience, discipline and continuity are important for all of us.
This gesture will give DOW the military muscle for President Trump's vision and true diplomacy,
In this context, the National Defence Strategy for 2026 cannot diminish India's relevance.
In this direction, the nation has achieved another major milestone within a few months.
In times of crisis, India has gone out of the way to provide all possible assistance at all costs.
In view of the obvious consequences of misuse, it is important to take this subject seriously.
Incremental modernization is not worth it in an environment that has long been built up for competition by major powers.
India has also given commendable examples for the same through its actions.
India has always believed that the service of humanity should be the last resort of global politics and diplomacy.
India has been able to cope with the global geopolitical and economic crisis.
India has been entrusted with the responsibility of organizing the 2030 Commonwealth Games.
India has forged new partnerships and deepened long-standing relationships, and strengthened old ones, across regions including Africa and Latin America.
India continues to improve its record of keeping inflation under control.
India has not yet condemned the Russian aggression in Ukraine.
India has proved that power can be used responsibly and effectively.
India is also hosting a Global ID1 Summit to bring the international community on a common platform.
India is also taking concrete steps for nano-chips manufacturing.
India is currently one of the fastest growing economies in the world, as well as one of the fastest growing economies in terms of infrastructure development, [. . ]
india will eliminate or reduce tariffs on all forms of industry and on a wide range of products.
India's digital independence and data privacy have raised serious questions.
The Election Commission of India has released details of thousands of millions of dollars worth of political bribes,
India's struggle is the world's largest democratic exercise.
India's electronics sector is growing at an unprecedented pace.
India's imports of Russian crude oil have risen sharply despite growing concerns over the same among many Western buyers.
Since Modi came to power in 2014, India's press freedom ranking has fallen more than 20 times.
India's rapid progress in the land, sea, and air domains is now a topic of discussion globally.
India's security challenges, particularly with regard to China, will be shaped primarily by its own military strategy.
India's share in global sales and exports is continuously increasing.
The Indian men's cricket team won the World Cup for the first time.
India's energy played a key role in security.
Initiatives like Mudra Yojana are nurturing the spirit of entrepreneurship and self-employment among these youth.
Instead of being strong in defending India's interests, a stubborn government is undermining India's freedoms and data privacy.
This underlines the strategic environment in which India has to operate.
It gives me immense pleasure to address the joint sitting of both the Houses of Parliament.
In the 2024 elections, it secured 44% of the votes.
This has also given a new impetus to the procurement process.
It has improved access to markets, hospitals, and schools.
It is a matter of pride that the World Health Organization has declared India free from the eye disease trachoma.
It is a matter of great satisfaction that India has consistently maintained balance, transparency, and prioritized humanitarian considerations.
This is a relationship in which both India and Russia have benefited immensely.
It directly benefits the poor and middle class families of the region.
It is very important for everyone to talk about this community in a serious way.
This is not an issue of power and electricity, but of the direction in which procurement is going.
Only this sense of fearlessness can ensure national security.
In fact, this is less than his 58% rating in the August 2025 এম্. ও. তি. এন্. গী survey.
This represents a growth of 105% as compared to 2014.
It will enhance research and diagnostic efforts, and help frame better policy interventions for wildlife.
This will ensure that corruption and leakages do not occur, for which my government has been working tirelessly for several decades.
Jaishankar said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Vladimir Putin are in touch very often.
Jaishankar said the two sides had a "very good session of talks. "
Jaishankar said that the North-South Transport Corridor is a boon for all the sectors of the world.
The survey for January 2026 states that if the present Lok Sabha is dissolved, the number of seats in the Lok Sabha will be reduced to 60.
Keeping this principle in mind, the Indian Judicial Code is being implemented at a rapid pace.
Last month, the Supreme Court struck down electoral bonds as unconstitutional.
Lavrov also noted that Russia supports India's candidature for the UN Security Council by expressing appreciation for India's Presidency of the G-20.
Let all the members of Parliament take a collective view on matters of interest as stakeholders in national development.
Changes have also occurred in the long-standing global equations.
Defeat in assembly elections in key states of Haryana.
Maintaining the crisis should be resolved through diplomacy and dialogue.
The strength of manufacturing, supply chain security, and the ability to sustain military operations over time are considered strategic assets.
The Maoist ideology has taken generations of tribal people into darkness.
Military effectiveness does not begin to be defined primarily in terms of platform or deployment.
The events that marked India's first landing of the month in Modi's first year in office have further energised the electoral mood.
Modi talks about development, respect, and breaking the shackles of history.
As a strongman populist leader, Modi's massively personal popularity also plays a key role.
Modi's electoral push is partly driven by his fervent Hindu nationalist agenda.
Over 20 lakh artisans are being provided training and banking support across the country.
More than 80 thousand crore rupees have been allocated for the development of railways in the North Nongpok region.
It involves an annual expenditure of over Rupees six lakh crore.
Apart from this, the old maritime laws have also been amended to meet the present requirements.
Moscow: India-Russia relations reflect geopolitical realities, strategic convergence and mutual benefit,
All the development that I am talking about today, including our growing business, where I live in this country.
New job opportunities are being created in emerging areas like semiconductors, green energy, and green hydrogen.
India now has the third largest metro network in the world.
Today, almost the entire rural population of India is connected through land-based connectivity.
For the first time since independence, my government has shown the courage to pay a tribute to it.
Now my government is taking steps to protect this great reservoir of knowledge.
Now, space tourism is also not out of India's reach.
Hauzik North Nongpok area is also getting integrated with the mainstream of development.
nuclear energy has a big role to play in this direction.
The old rules and provisions are being continuously updated as per the needs of the day.
The MASA MATHANTA strategy is a veiled rebuke of the Trump administration's priorities.
About our geopolitical interests, and being united because they are mutually beneficial.
My Government has spent more than one lakh crore rupees on these two programmes.
60 thousand crore rupees are being spent on this account under the পি. এম্. সেতু scheme.
there are about a thousand to be created this time to upgrade the id1 network.
Our Constitution also inspires us in the same spirit.
Our country is also the second largest fish producer in the world.
We are deeply grateful to our Indian friends for their efforts in adopting a responsible approach towards the resolution of global issues,
Our nation has been an ancient centre of learning.
Our youth, tribals and Dalit brothers and sisters were also among those affected by the earthquake.
Of these, only three districts continue to be the worst affected.
More than 20 lakh youth are working in India's startup network.
India has strengthened its foothold in the region in the last few years.
In the last 11 years, electronics production has grown 6 times.
Over the last 11 years, lakhs of students from the Scheduled Castes community have received post-matric scholarships.
the economic foundation of the country has been significantly strengthened in the last 11 years.
Over the last decade or so, there has been a paradigm shift in almost every system related to sports in India.
My government has spent more than 50 lakh crore rupees on modern infrastructure in the last few years.
Partnerships are framed in terms of contribution and capacity.
Armed men, now sheba at Pandum Cafe in Jagdalpur.
Plans for the first 100 days of its third term are already in place.
It is heartening to share that this initiative has attracted private investment of over Rs. 1. 25 lakh crore till date.
"A dynamic leader whose presence has earned him the respect of every Indian across the world. "
In the last one year, 32 lakh new houses have been given to the poor.
Primarily focused on national interests, the interests of equitable and fair international cooperation.
Former Congress party leader Rahul Gandhi, who was defeated by Modi in the last two elections,
The Startup India programme recently completed 10 years of its existence.
The registration of two-wheelers has crossed the two crore mark, which is a new record in itself.
the rise in the value of daily commodities, driven largely by inflation, can be weighed against the election.
Russia, India and Iran signed an agreement in 2000 on the creation of the North-South Multimodal Transport Corridor.
Self-reliance in the manufacture of microchips is essential for modern manufacturing and emerging technologies.
Shah will lay the foundation stone of the Institute of Wildlife Health and Research at Dinjan in the district.
After that, the foundation stone of the second phase of this Sahana Sports Complex will be laid.
Similarly, the blind women's cricket team has also achieved success in the World Cup.
Till date, 60 thousand youth have been trained for the semiconductor industry.
Till date more than 300 provisions have been removed from the category of criminal offences.
About 20 lakh rooftop solar systems have been installed till date.
social justice means that every citizen has full rights to exercise them, without discrimination.
Soon, a semiconductor chip made in Assam will be a lifeline for electronic products across the world.
Speaking to the joint media with Lavrov after their meeting, [. . ]
Addressing the media at a function to distribute cheques at Sotai in Jorhat district.
The rapprochement with China is sought through checks and balances, not through expanding forward commitments.
These volunteers have created a strong health infrastructure in the North Nongpok region.
Such is the BJP's confidence, "he said, echoing Modi's promise of winning more than 370 seats.
The absence of any mention of India and the Quad from the strategy is not a judgment on their importance,
The amount of money given is much more than the money given to any other political party.
The assembly of Assam in 126 constituencies is likely to be dissolved in March-April.
In this, the Atal Innovation Mission is playing an effective role.
It is believed that the government is taking away the freedom of the press and trying to suppress the mainstream media.
The Modi-led বি. জে. পি. গী government is important because they have a bigger pandem for this purchase.
The leaders have now set the tone for the formation of a "people's government" in Manipur.
The slogan has also carried an economic growth story,
The message of the BJP's central campaign is "Modi ki guarantee. "
The capitals of Arunachal Pradesh, Tripura, and Mizoram are now connected via broad-gauge rail lines.
The citizens of India will move forward, in keeping with the highest priority to national interest and in upholding constitutional values.
The Congress party has announced that lakhs of its party funds have been frozen by the tax authorities.
The Constitution, which has been translated into Santhali language, my government has increased the pride of the tribal community.
The food processing capacity of the State has been enhanced by 20 times, to ensure that the farmers get better price for their produce.
The manufacturing sector of this region has also shown a record growth.
the culture of research and development is also being nurtured through anusandhan national research foundation.
The data exposes the huge financial leverage that the BJP had over other parties in the run-up to the Lok Sabha elections.
Sooner or later, a visit to the site will mark the complete elimination of Maoist terror.
The defence strategy translates political intent into force planning, capability development, and resource allocation.
Delhi Chief Minister and Aam Aadmi Party leader, [. . ]
Details of the bonds released on Thursday revealed that several of the biggest bond donors are under investigation.
This document seeks language which will give thrust to defence planning in certain areas over and above the core treaty obligations.
The document thus goes far beyond ideological framing and exposes competition as a struggle over the global order.
The miracle was exposed by analysts in one of the most credible elections India has seen in decades.
The alarming statistics of the past year bear testimony to this.
The expansion of Digital India has launched India as a major global hub of creative economy worth thousands of crores of rupees.
External Affairs Minister S Jaishankar made the remarks during a high-level meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
The intention of the government is also to reduce the import of agricultural products.
The impact of the decisions taken today will be seen in the years to come.
The Indian Railways, which caters to the poor and middle class, is making rapid strides towards achieving the 100% electrification pandemic.
Lottery company Future Gaming and Hotel Services, which has been investigating money laundering since 2019.
The main national opposition party, the Indian National Congress, received only 14 billion rupees from Supnat through the same scheme.
New job opportunities are also being created in India in the manufacturing and service sectors and for the youth of India.
The military response against Pakistan after the Pahalgam terrorist attack, and India's reluctance to Trump's tough armed tariffs.
It will also see an increase in its vote share to 47%, a very small increase.
The G-20 Summit in New Delhi last year was a real success for India's foreign policy.
The numbers indicate that the party will not let the "vote chori" narrative against the BJP resonate with the people much.
Pandem is to manage competition without aggression and at an acceptable cost.
বি. জে. পি. না In the event of a significant majority, the opposition has expressed concerns,
The outcome document reflects the balance of interests.
The party received over 60 billion rupees (570 million pounds), far more than any other political party.
The presence of the Prime Minister will go a long way in instilling confidence in our people in Manipur.
The Year of the Mother is remembered for the rapid growth of India's voice and the celebration of its rich heritage.
The objective of the project is to bring in Transit Freight traffic from India.
The relationship between India and Russia is very long and very good.
The launch of the National Defence Strategy (NDS) for 2026 calls for a natural question for India:
The rupee has underperformed and is set to remain under pressure going forward.
The authorities are also investigating the second largest electoral bond donor Megha Engineering.
The State Assembly session will be dedicated to the occasion of Rongali Bihu, 2020.
The State Government is also keen to give a fillip to the spirit of Bihu festival.
The strategy also highlights the importance of planning for a strategic paradigm where external intervention is selective and conditional.
This strategy clearly indicates that America is ready to work with others.
The survey notes that despite the strong fundamentals of the economy, [. . ]
The suspension of the Indus Waters Treaty is also part of India's fight against terrorism.
Relations between India and Russia remained tense despite Moscow's war in Ukraine.
The true success of any justice system is determined by its ability to instill a sense of security.
The Sides also discussed the acceleration of their relations with the Russian Far East.
There is a very important relationship between the two sides, both in terms of Indian sales to Russia.
Voting began at 8 a. m. on Friday, with 102 constituencies going to the polls across the country.
The manner in which the performance of our daughters and Divyang fellow citizens has improved, is truly commendable.
All of us have seen the change in the areas affected by Maoism.
The world has witnessed the courage and wisdom of the Indian Defence Forces during Operation Sindoor.
The youth of the nation is making AatmaNirbhar Bharat, Swadeshi, and Make in India its responsibility.
Their policies are focused on communal politics and against the idea of India.
There has been record production of food grains and horticultural crops in 2024-25.
There is also a lot of enthusiasm among the citizens for'Swadeshi'.
45 per cent of these startups have at least one female director.
There was no immediate communication from the Prime Minister's Office to the Congress leader.
He added that in the meantime, he would discuss the political situation in Assam.
There is no doubt that the Government has used all its might to create a playing field for the people.
It sets conditions for a balance of power in the Indo-Pacific that is acceptable to all of us.
The tree is driving the nation forward today with the mantra of Male Led Development.
The tree has shaped the national education policy to meet the needs of both, the present and the future.
These ensure that the tribal children get a quality education and a better future.
These innovators will play a key role in preserving India's culture of knowledge and making it accessible to the masses.
These partnerships are not mere substitutes for national capabilities, but force multipliers.
These reforms are benefiting the poor and middle class families in an unprecedented manner.
These relics have now been donated for public viewing.
These schemes have helped crores of poor people in crisis situations.
These are the fundamental requirements of the evolving strategic landscape.
They have not been able to reach a consensus on leadership and seat-sharing and even now they seem to be in a quandary.
This approach has also been a feature of India's position in the context of recent developments in and around Ukraine.
The move is in line with the National Security Strategy released in December.
It has affected the minorities of India, they have affected the most vulnerable.
These include important state assembly elections, local body elections, and by-elections, which have a huge bearing on national-level politics.
This puts a huge burden on India.
It reflects a deep appreciation of the threat perception and the understanding that domestic security is not separate from military planning.
It reflects lessons learned from recent conflicts and from the long-standing competition between the great powers.
This requires accelerating the pace of capability development, particularly in conventional deterrence, maritime power, air defence, and long-range strike.
This will give you a good sense of the importance and value we place on the relationship.
We have already met for the sixth time this year, and this is our seventh meeting.
What has been left out is important for my government.
It was through Macaulay's arrow that a sense of fear was instilled among the people of India during the colonial period.
With the collective efforts of the youth of India and my Government, the youth of India is also witnessing unprecedented growth in the field of sports.
through the national critical minerals mission, the dependence on other countries for essential minerals is being reduced.
Crores of citizens in need of assistance have received insurance coverage through these schemes.
In order to make the creative economy more vibrant, my Government has also launched a new platform called Webs.
Today, every citizen can see that India is standing at an important juncture in its journey towards destiny.
Today, along with foodgrain production, farmers are also being connected with animal husbandry, and beekeeping is emerging as a new pillar of economic growth.
Today, India is investing in modern infrastructure in an unprecedented way.
Today, India is playing a big role in many global organizations with this deep role and proactive engagement.
Today, it has reached the mark of Rs. 11 lakh crore.
Today, nearly two lakh startups have registered.
Today, new vistas of progress are being created in the maritime areas of West Bengal and Odisha.
Today, products made with the vision of "Make in India" are gradually reaching different global markets.
Today, at the school level, children are being nurtured to imbibe a sense of technology and innovation.
Today, the nation is working on all fronts to preserve and promote its own cultural heritage.
Today, we see another positive change in the young minds of India.
They point to a United States that is collectively powerful, but is more selective in how it uses that power.
The two leaders will meet for an Annual Summit next year. Our relationship has been very strong and cordial.
The lessons learned from recent conflicts are also affecting global trade and investment.
Under Modi, India can go to the moon and at the same time be proud of its culture and roots.
Under the scheme, investments worth about Rs. 2 lakh crore have been attracted till date.
Claims worth more than Rupees twenty four thousand crore have also been paid under these schemes.
Under this scheme, funds worth more than 38 lakh crore rupees have been given to small entrepreneurs.
More than 3. 5 crore new jobs are being created under this scheme.
Under this scheme, more than 20 thousand villages of the poorest of the tribal communities are being developed.
Under this scheme, more than 4 lakh crore rupees have been directly transferred to their bank accounts, till date.
The Union Home Minister will virtually launch a few projects for rejuvenation and restoration of wetlands in Assam.
The United States is not committed to organizing Asia's security through formalized coalitions or extended military guarantees.
In this context, there is an unprecedented emphasis on improving connectivity in the region.
The focus is on limiting risk and commitment, regional actors should invest more in their own military strength.
With our own resources, we have destroyed the base camps of the terrorists.
We also talked about connectivity; connectivity from Western India through the International North-South Transport Corridor.
We appreciate that our business has been ranked amongst the highest in all spheres.
We crossed a turnover of 50 billion dollars last year and we expect to cross that figure this year.
We discussed long term arrangements. Energy, fertilizer, and cooking coal are the major components of our economy.
We discussed mutual investments, and the need to make progress on a bilateral investment treaty.
We discussed various aspects related to enhancing India's polar capabilities in partnership with Russia.
We are increasing the number of flights from India every week.
We need a strong opposition. In this situation, voting against the BJP is a revolutionary act.
We talked about the Ngarang railway, we talked about the industrial zone infrastructure.
What does the role of the Indo-Pacific, China and India in America's strategic thinking mean?
The important thing is that its trade is more balanced. It is durable, and it has a fair access to the market.
When a nation dreams, it is only the youth who dream such dreams, and such youth also give up.
When we respect our culture and tradition, the world also respects them.
Whether you're tracking results or researching candidate profiles, this is your go-to hub for Election 2026.
This was possible, in a decisive way, because the Chairman of the G-20 refused to make the Outcome Document unilateral.
It monitors and regulates the conduct of elections-and charges that the judiciary, the government deny.
When 27 opposition parties, including the Congress, formed a cooperation under an acronym-India-last year,
And when the deals with the European Union (EU) are sealed, Modi's image is not only enhanced domestically but also globally.
While some in the BJP have spoken about the subject individually, the party denies that this is its ideology.
And surveys show Modi as India's most popular political leader by a wide margin.
With a production of 150 million tonnes, India is one of the largest producers of cement in the world.
With all these efforts, India will definitely achieve the 500 GW pandem of renewable energy capacity.
Due to the constant efforts of my government, today about 95 crore Indians have got social security cover.
The efforts of my government have also given employment to more than one crore youth in the services.
The Election Commission is expected to make an announcement in this regard shortly.
With the emergence of new sectors in the procurement, protecting the interests of the workers is equally important.
Along with the enabling policies of my government, many new sectors are also emerging.
With the help of these cards, about 8 lakh senior citizens have received free treatment in hospitals as in-patients.
With the beginning of the year 2026, the procurement has entered into the second phase of the century.
With this belief, I extend my best wishes to all the Parliamentarians for a fruitful and meaningful session.
In other schemes too, women have been put at the centre.
The workers are entitled to fair wages and allowances and other welfare benefits.
we all know that the world is going through a complex phase.
Today we are also in Assam. Manipur is within an hour of a dream. Go to that place too.
Pakistan has reversed its boycott decision.
