Hard vs. Soft Belly: Why the Texture of Your Belly Fat Is a Major'Red Flag'for Health.
Shark Tank India judge Kunal Bahl opens up about the'constant burden'of weight struggles
A neuropathologist in Hyderabad says it is not necessary for all healthy adults to take nutrition-supplements every day.
No matter how healthy you live, genes can control how long you live.
Here's why Alfea Jaffrey's habit of maintaining water balance in the body is an excellent example of good gut health.
How far should senior citizens walk each day?
A pediatrician reported an extremely surprising case of a 16-year-old boy with a stone in his right kidney.
Varun Dhawan recalled getting injured in the tail while shooting for the film Border 2.
What positive changes did you notice immediately after switching from metformin medication to insulin use?
An orthopedic surgeon reports the case of a woman who mistook lower abdominal pain for menstrual pain.
Why your bedtime snoring may be a sign of vitamin D deficiency.
A doctor explained why some of the strangest signs the body shows during fat loss include more urination, feeling colder, and changes in attitude.
A top oncologist says oral cancer is now in competition with breast cancer.
A surgeon says that more people die from untreated gallbladder stones than from gallbladder surgery.
Makeup artist Namrata Soni explained why multi-step skin-care methods are not effective in India.
should you take vitamin b12 supplements on an empty stomach?
Abhay Deol revealed how cell-replacement therapy helped him after struggling with sciatica for years.
A digestive system expert explained how this simple act helps avoid acid reversal and flatulence.
How an anti-inflammatory diet regime cured Aamir Khan's migraine and helped him lose 18 kilograms.
Recently, my urine smelled very bad, as if it were acid; what could be the reason?
Why softeners may be a leading cause of indoor air pollution.
The World Health Organization launched a global initiative to strengthen pandemic preparedness in member countries.
the united states government through its national health agencies increased central grants for cancer research.
EU health ministers agree joint measures to improve cross-border disease surveillance system.
Japan approves new treatment regimen to tackle growing healthcare pressure in elderly.
The United Kingdom expanded its national vaccination program to include more respiratory illness protections.
China invested heavily in public hospital infrastructure to improve access to healthcare.
The World Bank announced financial assistance to strengthen health systems in low-income countries.
The Australian Health Authority released updated guidelines for the management of mental health issues.
Germany introduces digital health documents to improve coordination between hospitals and primary health care providers.
Canada launches nationwide program to reduce surgery wait times at public hospitals.
Brazil expanded community health care to increase access to health care in remote and neglected areas.
The World Health Organization warned of rising antimicrobial resistance as a significant threat to global public health.
France increased grants for medical research focused on incurable diseases.
South Korea adopted artificial intelligence tools to improve disease detection even earlier.
African Union health officials coordinated joint efforts to strengthen regional vaccine production capacity.
United States Food and Drug Administration approves new gene-therapy for an unrecoverable genetic disease.
Italy implemented reform measures to improve the efficiency of its public health system.
At an international health conference, global health experts stressed about the rising obesity rates.
Spain expands telemedicine services to improve access to healthcare in rural areas.
The WHO stressed the importance of equitable vaccine distribution at a global policy meeting.
India and a few other countries collaborated on research to improve TB treatment outcomes.
Mexico launches national trial program to detect diabetes early.
Japan ramps up health spending to address staff shortages in hospitals.
The United Nations calls for more robust health systems to support aging populations worldwide.
Sweden invested in preventive health programs to reduce long-term medical costs.
International researchers released new information on the impact that climate change is having on global health.
The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention updated its travel-related health alert.
Drug manufacturing companies around the world ramped up investment in vaccine R & D.
The World Health Organization launched a campaign to improve maternal health outcomes worldwide.
South Africa strengthened HIV treatment programs through expanded public health care.
Argentina increased public access to essential medicines through national health reforms.
The European Medicines Agency approved a new vaccine to prevent infectious diseases.
The World Health Organization (WHO) expressed concern about the declining rate of immunization of children.
Norway improved mental health care through an increase in public money.
The United Nations extended assistance in the reconstruction of health infrastructure in conflict-affected areas.
Singapore expands digital health platforms to support long-term disease management.
International health experts stressed the importance of early cancer screening programmes.
WHO releases updated guidelines for the management of non-communicable diseases.
New Zealand ramps up training of health workforce to meet future demand.
The United States announced policy reforms to improve maternal health outcomes.
At an international summit, global health leaders stressed the importance of universal health coverage.
Thailand strengthens primary health care to reduce overcrowding in hospitals.
The International Red Cross expanded emergency medical assistance programs around the world.
Denmark launches national initiative to promote preventive health check-ups.
Global researchers report progress in vaccine development for emerging infectious diseases.
Chile invested in modernizing public hospitals to improve the quality of patient care.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has identified mental health as a global development priority.
It is international donors that have stepped up money assistance to increase access to health care in humanitarian crisis areas.
The Netherlands expands long-term care services for the elderly population.
WHO took coordinated steps to address the rising incidence of long-term morbidity.
Four out of every ten cancer cases worldwide are preventable.
WHO launches application for 2026 to help millions of people in health emergencies and crisis situations.
The new tariff classification for vaccines has been introduced to strengthen emergency preparedness.
WHO launches global appeal for nearly one billion dollars to address 36 health emergencies in 2026.
Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said that the 2026 health appeal is not a donation, it is a strategic investment for global security.
The World Health Organization has set a target of helping 30 million people in humanitarian crises through emergency monetary assistance by 2026.
The emergency funding will support the establishment of 1, 370 mobile medical camps around the world.
Health experts identified Afghanistan and Sudan as priority emergency assistance areas for the year 2026.
The World Health Organization warns that global humanitarian aid money is at its sharpest decline in a decade.
Medical leaders in Australia and Canada express optimism about health sector growth in 2026 outlook survey.
According to the 2026 Healthcare Outlook Survey, 80% of healthcare administrators are optimistic about the future of their organisations.
The US Food and Drug Administration granted special priority treatment recognition to the drug sevabartinib for the treatment of HER2 mutant lung cancer.
The researchers announced that sevabartinib has shown promising results as a first-line treatment for metastatic non-small cell lung cancer.
Food and Drug Administration granted CPI-008 drug the drug notifiable disease drug status to identify limitations during pancreatic cancer surgery.
The Arabelle Institute has recognized the investigational antiretroviral drug combination for the treatment of pancreatic cancer as a drug of inaccessible diseases.
Revolution Medicines announced that the drug zolodonrasib has shown promising anti-tumor responses in KRAS G12D mutant lung cancer patients.
The Food and Drug Administration put a PARG inhibitor drug called ETX-19477 on the fast track to approval for the treatment of platinum-resistant ovarian cancer.
Eureka Therapeutics received regenerative medicine accreditation to CAR T-cell therapy for the treatment of liver cancer.
BioNTech and OncoC4 Announce Gottistobert Drug Shows Significant Results Extending Lifespan in Squamous Lung Cancer Patients.
Food and Drug Administration approves clinical trial of KLN-1010 gene therapy for recurrent multiple myeloma disease.
Global medical spending is expected to grow at 10. 3 per cent in 2026, the Global Medical Trends Survey reveals.
In the Asia-Pacific region, insurers project a 14% increase in medical costs by the end of 2026.
The United Kingdom's Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency has assumed the Presidency of the International Accessibility Organization.
Health system managers cite workforce shortages and productivity as major concerns in 2026.
The World Health Organization estimates that there will be a global shortage of 4. 5 million nurses by 2030.
In the United Kingdom, nearly 40 percent of general practitioners expect to leave the profession within five years.
About 30% of health systems worldwide have reported using mass-productive AI in day-to-day operations.
Medical researchers are using "digital twin" technology to practice before surgery to replace heart valves.
An artificial intelligence system called GI Genius has helped reduce the incidence of colon polyp misses during screening by up to 50 per cent.
The Food and Drug Administration approved renal nerve destruction as a technology-based treatment for the treatment of hypertension.
hospitals have adopted zero-trust network measures to protect patient information.
The National Health Service in England has introduced a seven-minute cancer injection in place of the one-hour medical infusion.
The cancer vaccine industry in the United Kingdom is connecting patients to private mRNA cancer vaccine trials.
Researchers have invented blood protein tests that accurately detected 18 early-stage cancers in clinical trials.
Medical spending in Latin America is projected to grow by 11. 9 percent in 2026.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has set a target to completely eliminate lymphatic filariasis disease in the Americas by 2030.
MIT scientists have advanced an artificial intelligence model called "CIBIL, " which predicted lung cancer risk six years ago.
The 2026 health emergency application aims to provide life-saving vaccines to more than five million children in crisis areas.
health systems have shifted services to local medical centers and home observation systems to reduce hospital costs.
The United Kingdom's Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency has published new guidelines for digital technology in mental health use.
Public health experts in Bangladesh are monitoring the presence of a virus called bat-borne pteropine orthoreovirus in respiratory tract patients.
The Rockefeller Foundation is analyzing the humanitarian impact of global medical money cuts in 93 countries.
Global defense spending has topped $2. 5 trillion a year, but money for health emergency assistance continues to decline.
The World Health Organization reported that one in six bacterial infections worldwide is now showing resistance to antibiotics.
A study published in The Lancet warns that an additional 20 million deaths are expected by 2030 if international aid is cut.
Scientists discovered that prolonged stress caused the protective lining of the gut to be damaged by decreasing levels of a protein called rilin.
A study of 2 million adults showed that amyloid angiopathy in the brain is one of the leading causes of dementia.
Researchers in Australia have conducted a phase 2 trial of a carbohydrate-based drug that can reduce blood pollution.
The Pan American Health Organization has launched new surveillance systems to monitor mosquito-borne diseases.
Public health experts are improving global traditional medicine centers to advance evidence-based research.
The Cigna Group announced that cancer is the leading cause of greater medical demands for global workers.
The United Nations has included mental health care in the primary education system in developing countries.
Medical technologists are inventing "smart pills" that can confirm with an electronic system whether a patient is taking a medicine or not.
Johnson & Johnson introduces Veripulse Plus platform to improve precision in treating heart rhythm irregularities.
The NuVision Nav ultrasound catheter becomes the first 4D imaging device combined with 3D cardiac mapping.
clinical trials are examining whether epigenetic clocks can measure the pace of biological aging in humans.
insurance companies have increased the cover of childbearing and family planning services due to increased demand worldwide.
The use of 5G technology is helping surgical specialists perform remote robotic surgeries between different continents.
The American Heart Association reported that the risk of heart disease in men increases sharply after the age of 35.
Gambia's highest court is reviewing a law banning female genital mutilation.
Researchers discover that burning household plastic waste is the hidden health hazard in developing regions.
Scientists are studying bamboo as a potential sustainable super food due to its high nutrient content and fibre density.
a new sugar substitute with zero metabolic effect is under review for approval in the global market.
The organization Project HOPE is filling shortages in immunizations for children in conflict zones like Ukraine.
advanced artificial intelligence models have been trained to detect signs of depression and anxiety in over 50 languages.
After successful negotiations in low-income countries, cystic fibrosis drug prices have come down significantly.
Global DNA studies show lurking bacterial dangers complicate treatment of diabetic foot infections.
Scientists have discovered that the human brain processes spoken language in a way that resembles advanced artificial intelligence constructs.
The 2026 World Medical Tourism Summit will focus on the expansion of regional medical hubs in Southeast Asia.
Researchers discovered that taking care of grandchildren can significantly slow down cognitive decline in older people.
Health experts warn that toxic disinfectants are being falsely marketed as miracle cures in some countries.
Drug companies are preparing to end patents on obesity treatment staples by the end of 2026.
National Health Research Institute announces new global funding support to address chronic health security risks in South Asia.
Doctors are using highly personalized treatments to determine cancer treatment according to individual genetic makeup.
hospitals are using predictive analytics to improve work schedules by estimating admission rates earlier.
The World Health Organization recommends the use of clothing coated with insecticides to reduce malaria transmission among children.
By uncovering the secret rules of cancer development, scientists have shown the way to predict the response to immunotherapy earlier.
A new medical implant for treatment-resistant depression in medical trials showed life-changing results.
The Medical Association of India announced new guidelines for telemedicine consultations to improve access to healthcare in rural areas.
All India Institute of Medical Sciences, Delhi successfully performed India's first robotic heart surgery on a 65-year-old patient from Rajasthan.
the ministry of health and family welfare launched a nationwide vaccination drive to prevent japanese brain fever in the eastern states.
Mumbai's private hospitals report 30% rise in admissions due to seasonal influenza outbreak.
The Drugs Controller General of India (DCGI) approved three new generic drugs for the treatment of diabetes manufactured by domestic pharmaceutical companies.
Public health authorities in Kerala launched contact tracing measures after a case of Nipah virus was detected in Kozhikode district.
Under the National Health Mission, additional funds have been allocated for maternal health programmes in Uttar Pradesh and Bihar.
Doctors at CMC Hospital in Vellore developed a new surgical method to treat spinal cord injuries using cell-replacement therapy.
The Indian Council of Medical Research released new dietary guidelines to tackle the growing problem of obesity in urban areas.
West Bengal health workers receive special training to manage dengue fever disease during rainy season.
The Government of India has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Germany for cooperation in the field of cancer treatment research.
Drug company Cipla announced the introduction of affordable insulin pens for diabetics in rural areas.
Medical colleges in Tamil Nadu have made it mandatory to teach traditional Ayurveda medicine along with modern medical courses.
The Supreme Court of India directed the state governments to ensure adequate oxygen supply in all government hospitals.
Researchers at the Indian Institute of Science have developed a portable testing machine to detect tuberculosis in remote areas.
The Health Ministry revealed that there has been a significant decline in the infant mortality rate in the North Eastern States in the last five years.
private healthcare providers in bangalore collaborated with technology companies to use artificial intelligence in the department of radiology.
The Central Drugs Standard Control Organization banned the sale of 14 stable dosage combination drugs due to safety concerns.
Goa medical experts organise free health camps for migrant workers after infectious disease concerns.
the indian red cross society started a blood donation campaign to address the crisis of blood banks in the metros.
Doctors at Fortis Healthcare successfully separated twin conjoined babies using advanced three-dimensional imaging technology and surgical planning.
The Ministry of AYUSH promotes integrated healthcare systems combining modern medicine and traditional Indian systems of medicine.
Public health experts warn of rising antimicrobial resistance in Indian hospitals recommending strict antibiotic policies be followed.
The National Sample Survey Office (NSSO) conducted a comprehensive study analysing the health expenditure patterns of Indian households.
Medical researchers in Pune identified genetic markers associated with increased heart disease risk in a South Asian population.
the drug technology advisory council recommended new regulations for clinical trials of drugs under investigation in indian drug research.
Delhi health administrators introduce digital patient management method to reduce waiting time at govt hospitals.
the nursing council of india announced revised standards for nursing education intended to meet international standards.
Paediatricians at Apollo Hospitals performed a successful liver transplant surgery on a six-month-old baby in Afghanistan.
Health Ministry launches mobile medical units to provide healthcare in remote tribal areas of Odisha.
Cardiologists in Chennai have improved mini-traumatic methods to treat arteriosclerosis using robotic surgery.
India's Food and Drug Administration mandates new labeling rules for painkillers sold without a doctor's prescription.
Medical students of Jawaharlal Institute of Postgraduate Medical Education received training in emergency treatment and injury management.
the national health authority has expanded the facilities under the pradhan mantri jan aarogya yojana to include more treatment modalities.
Cancer specialists at Tata Memorial Hospital launch immunotherapy trial to treat pioneering lung cancer patients.
Public health authorities in Gujarat launched surveillance systems to monitor water-borne diseases during the summer months.
Coalition of Indian Pharmaceutical Associations calls for patent reforms to increase access to essential medicines for long term diseases.
Neurologists at the NIMHANS Institute in Bengaluru have improved deep brain stimulation methods to treat Parkinson's disease in elderly patients.
Central govt allocates urgent funds to improve medical infrastructure in Covid-19 affected areas.
Health technology enterprises in Hyderabad advanced mobile applications for remote patient monitoring and tracking drug intake.
Medical Council of India introduces new criteria for assessment of clinical competence of post graduate medical students.
Bone-linking surgery experts from Jaipur performed successful linkage replacement surgery using indigenously manufactured artificial linkage.
The Department of Biotechnology extended funding support to research projects in indigenous vaccine development for prevention of tropical diseases.
Mental health experts across India have demanded increased government investment in psychiatric treatment and counselling services.
the central bureau of investigation launched an investigation into fake medical degree certificates issued by unrecognized institutes.
Respiratory experts in Kolkata report an alarming rise in the incidence of chronic respiratory obstructive diseases related to air pollution.
the national institute of virology ensured laboratory capacity to test new infectious diseases affecting animals and humans.
health economists analysed the economic impact that non-communicable diseases have on Indian households and the health system.
the ministry of electronics and information technology promoted digital health document system to improve health care coordination.
dermatologists in mumbai documented an increasing incidence of skin cancer among workers employed in outdoor work who are exposed to more ultraviolet radiation.
The Bollywood box office has been hit hard by the underperformance of multiple big-budget films.
South Indian films have gained widespread popularity with record-breaking releases across India.
Digital media campaigns have seen a huge uptake of regional language original content.
After a long hiatus, a veteran actor is back in the acting world to cheer up fans.
The increase in ticket prices in the film industry has had a significant impact on audience attendance at theatres.
New Bollywood music albums have evoked nostalgic feelings among audiences across generations.
The strong presence of Indian cinema in international film festivals has been noticed in various categories.
The young actors have won critical acclaim with their debut performances.
The trend of remakes in Hindi mainstream cinema has created new debates about originality.
Diverse storytelling in films and web series has been appreciated during the award season.
Bollywood wedding ceremonies during the festive season have been a topic of wide discussion on social media.
Cinematographers have won acclaim for visually stunning big screen films.
Women-centric films have consistently delivered box office success in the urban market.
Celebrities'bodybuilding transformations are inspiring fans on digital media.
Directors are experimenting with unusual stories, challenging conventional storylines.
Music events have made a strong comeback after the pandemic, attracting huge crowds.
The star kids have been at the receiving end of harsh criticism over their chances of debuting in the film industry.
Biographical films are attracting the audience's interest for real-life inspirational stories.
Digital thriller series have also surpassed theatrical releases in terms of audience engagement.
Collaborations between regional film industries are fostering creative partnerships.
Experienced filmmakers are guiding new talents through independent film projects.
Comedy films are gaining popularity again providing light entertainment to the audience.
Historical drama films have captivated audiences with lavish productions and performances.
Film promotion programs are becoming more reliant on digital promotion and influencer marketing.
Interviews with celebrities have created social discourse around mental health.
Film scores are gaining worldwide popularity in music promotion media.
The new directors have received critical acclaim for applying bold storylines.
Dance reality shows have topped weekend television viewership.
International collaborations have enhanced the global presence of the Indian film industry.
Court drama films have been popular for reflecting contemporary social issues.
After the release of controversial films, the debate regarding the system of film censors has started again.
Actors are breaking their familiar screen image by taking up villainous roles.
Costume makers have gained recognition for realistic costumes in historical films.
Subsequent episodes of the film have ensured strong opening returns for loyal fans.
Independent films have gained a wider audience through the recognition of film festivals.
The announcement of the publication of the autobiographies of famous personalities has aroused great interest of the readers.
Animation films are gaining more acceptance among the Indian family oriented audience.
The storyline of digital series has transcended the traditional television drama genre.
Collaborations between veteran musicians and young composers are creating new musical sounds.
Film industry associations are taking part in reform discussions to improve working conditions.
Practical films are slowly gaining popularity among multi-screen theatre audiences.
Charitable programmes of eminent personalities have won wide appreciation of the people.
Movies in the horror genre are regaining popularity through new storytelling techniques.
The winners of the music reality show are getting a chance at mainstream playback singing.
Film promotion videos have set new records in online views within hours of their release.
Actors are venturing into the production field and investing in content-driven films.
The regional film award ceremonies have received much attention in the national media.
Film critics have hailed the resurgence of films based on powerful scripts.
Fashion choices by celebrities have influenced seasonal clothing trends.
Film exhibition chains are expanding to tier 2 cities.
Social media debates have influenced film promotion strategies.
Sports-based biopic films continue to be a consistent success at the box office.
Actors have undergone rigorous training for tough physical roles.
Film festivals have emphasized inclusion and diverse representation.
A new generation of filmmakers is challenging the traditional formulas of commercial cinema.
Old classic films are being screened in theatres again through restoration projects.
Podcast appearances by celebrities have increased online fan engagement.
The film editor has received special recognition for innovative story pacing.
Digital releases have bridged the gap between theatrical and promotional media releases.
Practical music albums have attracted a limited but loyal audience.
Promotional support from celebrities is increasingly shifting towards sustainable lifestyle brands.
The court verdict has cast a shadow on the long-pending film release disputes.
Action movies have set new benchmarks through advanced visual effects technology.
Music companies are investing more in independent artist development.
Film award debates have created a wide discussion on social media.
Actors have successfully transitioned between films and digital series.
Screenwriting workshops are grooming a new generation of storytellers.
During the holiday season, family-oriented entertainment films are again dominating the box office.
Film marketing is increasingly relying on viral digital moments.
The news of the celebrities'friendship has been made public and has grabbed news headlines.
The new actresses have received critical acclaim for their powerful performances.
Film sound design is finally getting the recognition it deserves industry-wide.
Digital media outlets are experimenting with shorter length series.
Directors have re-explored classic genres with a modern approach.
Weddings of celebrities have boosted travel to tourist destinations.
Film academies across the country have reported an increase in enrolment interest.
Actors have inspired aspiring artists by openly discussing their professional failures.
Music festivals have showcased a mix of traditional and modern sounds.
Film journalists have pointed out the increasing importance of content compared to star power.
Stage artists have successfully made their way into mainstream cinema.
The legal disputes of celebrities have attracted intense media attention.
Film production houses have announced ambitious projects of many films.
Remakes of regional films have topped the national box office.
The actors have chosen projects by balancing commercial and meaningful storylines.
The quality of film dubbing has improved leading to increased access to a multi-lingual audience.
Digital media has led to increased investment in documentary content.
Interviews of celebrities have revealed the reality of the intermission in the film industry.
Film critics have hailed the revival of the romantic drama genre.
Young composers are reshaping trends in the Bollywood music world.
Improvements in film screening technology have improved the viewer experience.
Actors have called out in support of mental wellness among the film fraternity.
Independent filmmakers are getting international distribution deals.
Film promotion has given priority to natural presentation instead of exaggerated advertisements.
Music biographical films have created a renewed interest in legendary artists.
Celebrities have spoken out against misinformation through social media.
Short length story format has been more appreciated by the film audience.
Digital media outlets are experimenting with new strategies regarding theatrical release deadlines.
Directors have focused more on strong writing than visual surprises.
The Indian entertainment industry has witnessed a slow but steady recovery post the pandemic.
Audiences are celebrating the diverse voices that have shaped modern Indian cinema.
After the news of Pakistani actress Humaira Asgar's death broke out, incidents of dispute over her family have come to light.
The inauguration of the India Pavilion at Cannes Film Festival 2025 was held in the presence of Anupam Kher.
Mukesh Khanna is back in a power packed role with a new sound based series.
Sharmila Tagore attends the red carpet during the screening of "Jungle Din Ratri" at the Cannes Film Festival.
A critique at the Cannes festival referred to the film "Nouvelle Vogue" as an honourable tribute to the French New Wave filmmakers.
Sergey Loznitsa's "Two Prosecutors" film is shown in a special screening at the Cannes festival.
After the dramatic debate, Samay Raina shared pictures with the controversial figures on social media.
RJ Mahavash posted a few moments pictures with Yuzvendra Chahal after his history-making hat-trick in the IPL.
Shubman Gill comments on love rumours with actor Avneet Kaur amid rumours doing the rounds in the media.
Mukesh Khanna's powerful character has enthused the audience by connecting with today's young generation.
Many senior artists have condemned the ongoing incidents of violence in the Middle East and Indian celebrities have expressed solidarity with Gaza.
The film "Rapture" has been hailed as the creative pinnacle of Indian independent cinema.
The films "Kantara" and "KGF 2" won the maximum number of four awards at the National Film Awards.
Parag Tyagi promises to keep the memories of his late wife Shefali Jariwala alive on social media.
Rajkummar Rao publicly recalled the changes that happened in the script of the film "Gangs of Wasseypur. "
Kangana Ranaut questions sentiment-based politics after Diljit Dosanjh defends cultural debates.
Rajamouli and Daggubati celebrated at the event organised to mark the decennial anniversary of the release of "Baahubali" but some of the major stars did not make an appearance.
Amitabh Bachchan shows glimpses of Vijay's mannerisms at the promotions of the new season of "Kaun Banega Crorepati. "
Shruti Haasan says South Indian stars remain humble despite their fame.
Kapil Sharma's Cafe answers public reaction after a life-changing shooting incident.
Ranveer Singh's powerful action sequences from the film "Dhurandhar" have got fans excited.
Hrithik Roshan shares moments of leisure with his two sons revealing glimpses of family life.
Ryan Coogler revealed the original concept of "Black Panther 2" would have storylines centered around T'Challa's heritage.
Amitabh Bachchan works without taking any labour even when he is shooting in the scorching heat.
Mammootty's family reunites with Mohanlal after the death of his mother Santhakumari.
One of Shashi Kapoor's films became too expensive to be shot in Russia.
Salman Khan consoled a sick child and donated bone marrow along with his brothers.
In the wave of success of "Dhurandhar" at the box office, the film "To Meri Main Tera" has struggled.
At the premiere of "Ikkis, " Rekha blesses Agastya Nanda with a warm kiss.
The Bollywood Survey of 2025 criticizes the plethora of violent male characters in many films.
On the 25th day of its release, the film "Dhurandhar" has claimed the highest grosser among Hindi language films.
The opening day collection of the film "Ikkis" shows strong opening across India.
The year 2026 is being touted as the decisive year for the film industry due to the release of "Ramayan" and various action-packed sequels.
Rekha made rare comments about her personal memories of Gemini Ganesan.
On the 27th day of the release of "Dhurandhar, " the success of Ranveer Singh's film was further consolidated.
Bollywood stars take to social media to share moments from their celebrations with siblings during Raksha Bandhan.
Anurag Kashyap alleges that digital campaign medium Netflix has lowered standards in content selection.
Archana Puran Singh talks about Aryaman Sethi's personal struggle with depression.
Vijay Deverakonda's "Kingdom" movie song sequence gets modified during digital release.
Director Lokesh Kanagaraj comments on Rajinikanth and Vijay's film comparison.
The film "Njandukalude Nattil Aridavela" introduced the concept of serial story in a new way at the Malayalam box office.
Many fans called for Alia Bhatt's privacy to be protected over actress Payal Rohtagi's comments.
The restored "Godfather" trilogy will hit theaters in India soon.
Information on the highest paid participants and hosts of the show "Bigg Boss Malayalam" has been released.
Actor Vishal revealed the first look of the film "Magudam" in which he appears in three different looks.
Amal Malik confirms new relationship after an emotional television confrontation.
The death of Tamil actor Rajesh was mourned by many artists and Rajinikanth paid his heartfelt tributes.
The first look of Raavan is revealed in Yash's film "Ramayan" which also features dangerous action sequences.
Urvashi Rautela claims that Leonardo DiCaprio addressed her as "Queen of Cannes. "
Hrithik Roshan plans collaboration with Hombale Film Association on new project.
Reports of Amitabh Bachchan buying a high-value property in Ayodhya have surfaced.
Tamannaah Bhatia criticises social media's calculation method after her post in support of Deepika Padukone.
Tiger Shroff recalls the financial crisis his father Jackie Shroff went through before he rose to fame.
A legal review has begun against BTS creator Bang Chi Hyuk on fraud charges.
Comparisons between Indian and Hollywood content have begun over Aryan Khan's digital series.
Kapil Sharma preps hard before getting on stage but reveals he feels nervous.
Lollapalooza India 2026 Music Festival Artist List and Ticket Plans Announced.
Pawan Kalyan's historical fiction-based "Hari Hara Veera Mallu" will soon be screened digitally across the country.
Shoojit Sircar defended comments about the last part of "Raanjhanaa" modified with the help of artificial intelligence.
Shwetha Menon issued remarks as the first female president of the Malayalam Film Artistes Association.
Indian films have explored complex family relationships through modern storylines.
Regional films have received critical acclaim for their stories based on social realities.
Film festivals have brightened the growing diversity within Indian independent cinema.
Women filmmakers are redefining mainstream storytelling with bold and creative approaches.
Classical music events are rekindling interest among the younger generation.
Theatrical stage productions reinvent literary classics for the modern stage.
The Malayalam film industry continues its strong streak with nuanced character-driven stories.
Digital media has widened the repertoire of artistic and practical films.
Directors have used modern film techniques to re-explore folkloric themes.
Biographical films have explored the secret facets of the artists'lives.
Documentary filmmakers have raised environmental issues through visual storytelling.
Film critics have noted the resurgence of realism in modern Indian cinema.
The new actors have been praised for their restrained and realistic performances.
Music composers have blended traditional ragas with modern sounds.
Regional language films have strengthened their presence in international film festivals.
Independent films are gaining a much wider audience through select digital promotion mediums.
Costume design has become an important storytelling medium in historical drama films.
Experienced actors have moved easily from character roles to supporting roles.
Films have reflected the changing contexts of urban life and the evolution of social identities.
Literary adaptations have dominated national film discussions.
Filmmakers have explored mental health issues with sensitivity and restraint.
Women-centric stories have challenged many day-to-day cinematic concepts and stereotypes.
Film preservation industries have restored classic films and made them available to new generations.
Shabd Naksha has finally got the recognition it deserves in film criticism.
Young directors are experimenting with new storytelling styles using non-simple story structures.
Music albums inspired by poetry have attracted a limited but loyal audience.
The debate regarding film censorship has revealed the contradiction between creativity and control.
There is a growing interest in restrained acting styles in the independent film world.
Stage artists have bridged the gap between stage and screen acting.
the indian animation industry has explored a wide range of content, crossing the boundaries of child-centered storytelling.
Film societies are generating new interest in the history of world cinema.
Remakes of regional films have sparked debates on the ethics of cultural adaptation.
Digital releases have redefined the audience's relationship with serious cinema.
The actors have chosen the script prioritising the content over commercial success.
Music festivals have celebrated the fusion of traditional and modern music.
There is a growing interest in screenwriting in film schools.
Critics have valued the subtle storytelling more than the visual surprises.
The documentary series explores the forgotten cultural history of various regions.
Practical short films are gaining greater visibility in select digital media of dissemination.
Film narratives are increasingly presenting the experiences of marginalized groups in society.
Discussions on film and story ethics have been held at literary festivals.
Film editing techniques have evolved in line with digital viewing habits.
The directors have emphasised on authenticity while presenting historical events.
Independent producers are backing low-budget films based on strong content.
Actors have discussed the responsibility of social representation in popular cinema.
Music documentaries have investigated the history of the development of regional folk music.
The Indian film industry has created new dialogues between art and commerce.
Theatrical adaptations have presented political themes through symbolic narratives.
Film criticism platforms have encouraged a deeper understanding of film language.
Regional filmmakers are creating joint stories with collaborations across multiple industries.
Digital media outlets have constructed content based on local cultural contexts.
Film festivals have prioritized sustainability and inclusive creative discourse.
Films have reflected the anxieties and moods of modern Indian society.
The world of cinema is increasingly seeing the importance of craft direction in world-building stories.
The actors have undergone re-theatrical training to improve their acting skills.
Film music has experimented with new melodies with silence and restraint.
Independent films have challenged audience expectations through unconventional final portions.
Films based on stories are back in the mainstream discourse.
The Indian entertainment industry has tried to strike a balance between tradition and innovation.
Audiences are showing interest in more thoughtful and introspective films.
Bollywood box office is experiencing uneven recovery amid changing preferences of audiences.
Audiences are showing more interest in thoughtful mainstream cinema.
South Indian films are expanding their reach in multi-screen theatres in North India.
digital media has become the main medium of entertainment among the urban youth.
Wedding ceremonies of celebrities are getting a lot of attention on social media.
The film's promotional videos have created a huge buzz online within hours of its release.
Actors are breaking their staid screen-images by taking up unconventional roles.
Music events in major cities across the country are witnessing huge crowds.
Women-centric films are finding commercial success across the country.
Digital serials have surpassed theatrical releases in terms of audience engagement.
Vijay Deverakonda has created huge fan groups outside South India as well.
Directors have experimented with the fusion of different genres to appeal to a younger audience.
Film promotion strategies are increasingly relying on digital marketing.
The star kids have time and again faced criticism for their debut opportunities.
Historical drama films have captivated audiences for their grand visuals and performances.
Subsequent episodes of the film have ensured strong openings for loyal fans.
Independent films have been recognized through international film festivals.
Tamannaah Bhatia is celebrating a new milestone of her own with the success of new music.
Comedy films are gaining popularity again, providing light entertainment to audiences.
Music albums inspired by the idea of nostalgia have become popular in digital media.
Actors are stepping up as producers and investing in content-driven films.
The court drama films are reflective of contemporary social and political realities.
After the release of controversial films, the debate regarding film censorship has been re-energized.
Kareena Kapoor is playing the lead role in a female-centric investigative drama film.
Films in the horror genre are regaining popularity through new storytelling techniques.
Digital releases have bridged the gap between theatrical and digital releases.
Film critics have hailed the resurgence of films based on powerful scripts.
Regional film collaborations have fostered creative partnerships between different industries.
The publication of autobiographies of famous personalities has aroused the interest of readers.
Varun Dhawan explores more serious roles in upcoming thriller film.
Film festivals continue to brighten the diversity of Indian storytelling.
Anushka Sharma has shared an emotional note about her film journey.
Actors are undergoing intense training for tough physical roles.
Family oriented films have dominated the box office during the festive season.
Movie marketing is relying more on viral social media moments.
Hrithik Roshan has wrapped up the shooting of the much-anticipated next episode.
The new actors have been praised for their confident and mature performances.
Aamir Khan has announced his comeback with a new big-budget drama film.
Digital media outlets are investing more in documentary content.
Priyanka Chopra has started shooting for an upcoming Hollywood project.
Kiara Advani has impressed fans with her appearances at international film festivals.
Katrina Kaif is making her debut as a producer with a content-driven film production.
Film production houses have announced ambitious projects of many films.
Remakes of regional films have been notable successes at the national box office.
The actors have chosen projects balancing commercial success and meaningful storylines.
The quality of film dubbing has improved leading to increased access to a multi-lingual audience.
digital media outlets are experimenting new with series of shorter length.
Salman Khan has announced new action films on the occasion of Eid.
Film institutes have seen a surge in admissions to creative courses.
Music festivals have celebrated the fusion of traditional and modern sounds.
Alia Bhatt has received widespread acclaim for her powerful theatrical performances.
Film schools have noticed an increase in interest in story creation compared to star fame.
Actors have inspired aspiring artists by coming out openly about their failures.
Film exhibition chains are expanding to tier 2 cities.
Film promotion strategies are changing according to the changing trends of audience attention.
Music biographical films have created a renewed interest in legendary artists.
The social media activities of celebrities have influenced the formation of public opinion.
Films with concise and cohesive plots are more appreciated by the audience.
Digital media outlets are experimenting with limited series of shows.
The directors have given priority to the quality of writing rather than visual surprises.
The Indian film industry is experiencing a slow but steady recovery post the pandemic.
Actors are speaking out in support of mental wellness in the entertainment industry.
Film critics have hailed the resurgence of the romantic drama genre.
The regional award ceremonies have attracted national media attention.
Podcast appearances by celebrities have increased fan engagement.
The Indian entertainment industry is a reflection of the changing state of society.
Independent films are creating their own space in parallel with mainstream releases.
Music composers have created new melodies by fusing different musical genres.
Film festivals have promoted inclusion and cultural representation.
Actors are breaking the traditional hero image by taking up villainous roles.
Costume carvers have won special recognition for their meticulous character designs.
Social media debates have influenced film release strategies.
Sports-based biographical films have maintained consistent popularity with audiences.
Film restoration projects have made classic films available again to a new generation.
Parenting-related moments of celebrities are being widely shared on social media.
digital music promotion mediums are changing the music listening habits of younger generations.
The film criticism genre has transcended the boundaries of box office-centric assessment.
Actors are going back to theatre training to hone their craft.
Practical cinema has attracted a limited but loyal audience.
Directors have created new films combining the techniques of realism and commercial storytelling.
The Indian animation industry is exploring new storylines, crossing the boundaries of child-centric content.
The sound map has silently reshaped the emotional language of modern cinema.
Award acceptance speeches by eminent personalities have sparked cultural and political debates.
digital media has given the mandate to produce original content based on regional culture.
Actors have always tried to adjust themselves to the pressures of fame in the midst of public attention.
Film musicals are gaining viral popularity in short video dissemination media.
Theatrical adaptations have explored modern political themes.
Films have consistently reflected the evolution of the urban Indian identity.
Lifestyle interviews of celebrities are attracting more interest of digital readers.
Independent producers are backing low-budget content-oriented films.
Improvements in film screening technology have improved the viewing experience.
Audiences are demanding realism and individuality rather than normative concepts.
Music documentaries have explored the history of the development of Indian popular culture.
Film narratives have prioritized the experiences of marginalized groups in society.
Actors are choosing projects that align with personal creative values.
Digital storytelling is reshaping the way traditional entertainment is consumed.
Film marketing spends are constantly shifting towards collaborations with social media influencers.
Film discussions are increasingly incorporating themes of representation and inclusion.
Music albums are experimenting new with restrained production styles.
The Indian entertainment industry is adapting quickly to digital transformation.
New acting performances have signalled a generational shift in acting styles.
Tollywood films continue to enjoy strong box office success in domestic and international markets.
South Indian stars have gained pan-India recognition through multilingual films.
Digital media is reshaping the viewing habits of the urban youth.
Celebrity weddings are a major topic of discussion in the entertainment media.
The film's teasers have created a huge buzz in the digital world within minutes of their release.
Actors are taking up intense roles and challenging the conventional hero concept.
Music events in Hyderabad and Bengaluru have seen huge crowds.
Women-centric films have received critical acclaim and audience appreciation.
Digital thrillers have topped the viewership charts over the weekend.
Directors have explored socially relevant subjects through mainstream cinema.
Film promotion is increasingly relying on social media engagement.
Star debuts have sparked debates about nepotism in the film industry.
Historical films have captivated audiences for their rich visuals and storytelling.
Subsequent episodes have gotten off to strong starts with the help of loyal fans.
Independent films are getting more visibility through international festivals.
The fashion style of celebrities has been the subject of extensive discussion on digital media.
Comedy films are providing relief to the audience in the midst of intense action films.
Music albums that take inspiration from folk songs are gaining popularity again.
Actors have stepped up as producers and supported regional content-oriented films.
courtroom drama films have raised important legal and ethical issues.
The debate around film certification has reignited the discussion on creative freedom.
The celebrities'charity events have received praise from fans and colleagues alike.
Films in the horror genre are experiencing a resurgence through new storytelling techniques.
Digital releases have reduced the waiting time for theatrical releases.
Film critics have applauded the rise of screenplay-centric cinema.
Regional film collaborations have fostered creative exchanges between different industries.
The autobiographies of famous personalities have attracted the interest of readers across the country.
The winners of the music reality show are getting a chance to mainstream playback music.
Film festivals continue to brighten the diversity of the Indian film industry.
Action movies are setting new benchmarks through better visual effects.
Actors have undergone rigorous training for tough physical roles.
Family oriented films are dominating the box office during the festive season.
Film marketing strategies are changing in sync with the changing attention spans of audiences.
Famous people's friendships and reunions feature in news headlines.
The new actors have received critical acclaim for their confident screen presence.
The film Shabd Naksha has finally got the recognition it deserves within the industry.
Digital media outlets are investing more in regional original content.
Directors have re-explored classic genres with modern story twists.
Theatrical artists have successfully made their way into mainstream cinema.
The legal disputes of eminent personalities have drawn intense attention of the public and the media.
Film production houses have announced ambitious project lists for the coming years.
Remakes of regional films have performed strongly at the national box office.
Family oriented films are back in the reckoning amid the politically tense cultural scenario.
The improved quality of dubbing has made films more accessible to audiences in many languages.
Digital media outlets are experimenting with smaller festival formats for serials.
Advertising by celebrities is increasingly focused on lifestyle and wellness related brands.
Film institutes have seen a surge in admissions to creative courses.
Film festivals have given precedence to divergent views amidst cultural homogeneity.
Film journalists have noted the shift towards content-centric storytelling.
The South Indian film industry continues to drive the national entertainment genre forward.
Bollywood is turning its attention to romantic stories again after audiences got tired of non-stop action films.
Regional films have quietly overtaken mainstream releases through creative storytelling.
Digital media has helped in the growth of bold stories that the theatre system has ignored.
Weddings of famous personalities have caught the attention of the people with their blend of tradition and pomp.
Film festivals have celebrated creative rebellion against normative commercial storytelling.
Actors have taken on imperfect roles that reflect the anxieties of modern urban life.
Musical events are again gaining importance as cultural gatherings.
Women-led stories have challenged many misconceptions related to the box office.
Independent films have crossed the first weekend threshold and gained loyal viewership.
Directors are blurring the boundaries between artful and commercial cinema.
Nostalgia inspired music has become increasingly popular with audiences in times of distress.
Theatrical adaptations have redefined classic literature for modern audiences.
Interviews of celebrities have revealed the complex relationship of fame and personal privacy.
Historical drama films reinterpret history with political overtones.
The debate of originality continues even after the success of the later volumes.
Independent filmmakers have protested against the calculation-controlled storytelling.
The fashion of celebrities on the red carpet has given rise to huge cultural discussions.
Comedy films have been the silent respite among overworked action films.
Music albums have explored the parallels of melancholy and hope.
Actors are turning producers for creative freedom rather than secure stardom.
Court drama films have reflected the growing distrust in the institutions of society.
The film censorship debate has revealed the delicate balance between art and authority.
The social activism of celebrities has created a rift on social media.
Horror films have suddenly transcended the boundaries of horror and evolved towards psychological horror.
Digital releases have changed the way audiences wait and engage.
Film criticism has crossed the threshold of box office numbers to regain relevance.
Collaborations from different regions have challenged the linguistic boundaries of cinema.
The memoirs of famous people blur the line between confession and performance.
Reality shows have given more importance to pomp rather than content.
10 lakh youth have been trained in the field of Artificial Intelligence.
4G and 5G network services are reaching almost all parts of the country through more than one lakh mobile towers.
In the last year alone, 50, 000 new enterprises have been registered.
A credible deterrent requires domestic manufacturing, stable supply chains, and the ability to operate without external dependencies.
A decade ago, there were less than 500 industries in the country.
A historic decision has been taken to make income up to 12 lakh rupees tax free.
A large section of the population in the country did not get enough opportunities.
A man from Jaipur in Rajasthan says he is worried about what a third term for the BJP could mean for minorities.
New policies are being formulated to facilitate the use of high-seabed resources.
The new policy has been formulated to provide facilities to the fishermen in the coastal areas.
One of the salient features of this document is the prioritization of defence production and industrial capacity.
The recent court verdict exposed how much the BJP has gained from an opaque system of campaign money.
About 12 crore loans have been disbursed to start self-financing operations for the first time.
After independence, the development of the country started from a few cities and regions.
After the operation "Sindoor, " there has been an increase in confidence in the country's defence system.
After the events in Dibrugarh, Shah will travel to Dhemaji district to take part in the cultural festival of the Mising tribe.
He will address the gathering after the inauguration of the projects.
Direct rail connectivity between Aizawl in Mizoram and New Delhi has been established.
All results will be calculated and declared on 4th June.
While the importance of family groups continues, the pattern is clearly defined.
Connectivity from Eastern India to Vladivostok via Chennai and the polar route was also discussed.
More than 17 lakh crore rupees have been produced.
There is a consensus among various opinions and viewpoints that nothing is more important than the nation.
In the current complex global situation, India is playing the role of a connector between the world.
It has been agreed to resume negotiations on a Free Trade Agreement between India and the Eurasian Economic Union.
This issue will be given top priority, he said in response to another question.
Apart from chip manufacturing, there is another important area where the government has launched a special mission.
Along with nuclear energy, India is also making rapid progress in the field of solar energy.
Under this scheme, about 2. 5 lakh houses have been constructed in these villages.
The policies of the government have resulted in an increase in the income of the citizens.
In the last decade, 250 million people have been lifted out of poverty.
Oilseed production has increased during the last three years as compared to the corresponding period last year.
This has also resulted in a rapid change in the nature of jobs.
Every rupee of the taxpayer is being used for the development and welfare of the country.
A young voter says he wants a country with development, good jobs and equal opportunities.
At the beginning of 2014, social protection schemes were limited to only 250 million citizens.
At the same time, the country is also adhering to the "India First" policy.
After this success, the government has a sound foreign policy and a visionary approach.
The Bharatiya Janata Party is hoping to increase its parliamentary majority despite the allegations.
The BJP's strong position is also partly seen to be due to a weak opposition.
Both the documents prioritize internal security by narrowing the goals and define the cooperation in a pragmatic approach.
Manipur should not be ignored; the state has been in turmoil since 2023.
China has been the main outlier but the manner in which it has been addressed is of particular importance.
Citizens feel proud of India's metro rail network.
Citizens recall their glorious history and the contributions of forefathers.
Civil aviation and tourism were also topics of discussion; hope has been expressed that more Russian tourists will come to India.
The first 25 years of this century have been marked by many successes and experiences.
According to the previous election date, assembly elections in Assam are likely to be held before Bihu this time.
Critics have accused the BJP government of using state power to target and arrest political rivals.
Cruise tourism on rivers and coastal areas has led to a boom in tourism.
Deepfakes, fake information and false content have become major threats to democracy and social trust.
Raksha Sahyog is being presented as a mutual and fact-based effort.
Defence exports have crossed Rs. 23, 000 crore.
The protection of territory, borders, and critical infrastructure has been considered the main goal of military operations.
Despite various global crises, India continues to be the fastest growing large economy in the world.
In the last 11 years, more than 7, 200 kilometers of national roads have been constructed in the North-East.
In the last decade, 4 crore pucca houses have been built for the poor.
About 18, 000 km of new rural roads have been added in the last year.
Last year, 2. 5 crore poor patients received free treatment under this scheme.
In the last year, tap water connections have reached about one crore new houses.
During the last year, lakhs of youth have been provided permanent jobs through various employment fairs.
In the third term of the government, the mission of empowering the poor has gained further momentum.
Earlier there were only five national waterways in India; now this number has crossed 100.
The 2026 elections mark a significant year for the democratic process in India and in various regions of the world.
In Assam, elections were held before Purva Bihu.
Electoral bonds came under severe criticism for lack of transparency.
it does not provide a broad overview of some of the larger regional arrangements.
Europe offers opportunities for technology cooperation and joint development.
He said that India is moving ahead on the path of development even in the difficult circumstances of the world.
In the midst of the conflict, many countries expressed confidence in India on important issues.
Historic reforms in the Goods and Services Tax regime have generated enthusiasm among citizens.
The issue of Prime Minister Narendra Modi's party benefiting from a controversial financing arrangement has also been exposed.
For years, the country's workforce was caught between myriad labour laws.
For India, these implications are evident in the broader context.
The message for India is clear-immunity, capability and resilience are no longer options.
The survey predicts 80 seats for the Congress.
To win the elections, Maitrigot has set a target of winning over 400 seats.
For the INDIA group, the survey shows a 39 per cent vote probability.
There has been an atmosphere of fear and mistrust in the 126 districts for many years.
From the cultural point of view, India is one of the richest countries in the world.
The reforms will especially benefit the youth and women.
large welfare schemes and has been recognized as India's rising power among global leaders.
Real time information, important dates, voting methods and verified news can be accessed at one place.
The government is also focusing on areas like nutrition, health, and education.
Due to the progressive policies of the government, women are making progress in various fields.
More than 25 lakh new jobs have been reported to have been created in the electronic manufacturing sector.
There have also been allegations of an increase in attacks on opposition leaders ahead of the elections.
Internal security and the Western Hemisphere are on the list of key priorities.
The hospital for women and children in Agartala will enhance the health care facilities manifold.
The important part of the discussion was how to put in place a long-term mechanism in this regard.
The changing international order explains how the United States perceives power, risk, and responsibility.
India's precious heritage has suffered a lot due to foreign invasions and post-independence neglect.
Due to neglect after colonial rule, 95% of India's trade is now transported through foreign ships.
Despite the disclosure of information, the relationship between buyers and recipients of electoral bonds is not clear.
Vaishnaw said that the government's actions have led to further weakening of the opposition forces.
I believe that all citizens will fulfil their responsibilities for the interest and welfare of the nation.
Congratulations to all for these historic reforms.
Congratulations to all citizens on the conclusion of negotiations for a Free Trade Agreement with the European Union.
Congratulations to hon'ble members for holding a special discussion in Parliament on this auspicious occasion.
I believe that this corridor should progress in the interest of the global economy.
It is clear from today's discussions that India-Russia relations remain stable and extremely strong.
I think we continue to value a special and privileged strategic partnership.
I will vote for Congress because that is the only solution to tackle BJP's divisive politics.
The country's fish production has increased by about 200 lakh tonnes in the last one year.
Four more semiconductor manufacturing units have been approved in 2025.
In the year 2025, India's defence production has crossed more than 1. 5 lakh crore rupees.
In the year 2025, India's metro rail network has crossed the historic one thousand kilometer mark.
In the mobile manufacturing sector, India is now the second largest in the world.
In line with the Government's policy, the security forces have also taken concrete action against Maoist terrorism.
In the coming years, our country will move towards establishing an Indian Space Station in space.
In the evening, he will visit the Assam BJP Headquarters in Guwahati.
India is also known as one of the most successful countries in the world in terms of milk production.
2025-26 India's smartphone exports cross Rs 1 lakh crore in the first five months of the year.
Last year, a record food grain production of more than 350 million tonnes was achieved in India.
In the past, India was a strong centre for maritime trade.
In the coming times, the progress of the country will depend on collective resolve.
There have been allegations that the Modi government sacrificed the interests of farmers and agricultural land in the US-India trade deal.
In these 10 years, India has become the third largest enterprise ecosystem in the world.
The efforts, discipline and consistency of all of us in this journey is extremely important.
In this manner, the Department of Defense will strengthen President Trump's strategic diplomacy.
In this sense, perhaps the 2026 US National Defence Strategy does not diminish India's importance.
In this direction, the country has achieved another important milestone a few months ago.
In times of crisis, India has always been there to lend a helping hand.
Considering the potential danger of misuse of AI, it is extremely necessary to get serious on this issue.
When the big powers are gearing up for long-term competition, small modernizations will not suffice.
India, through its actions, has set inspiring examples in this regard.
India has always believed that serving humanity should be the core objective of global politics and cooperation.
In the midst of a global political and economic crisis, India has made steady progress.
India has been entrusted with the responsibility of hosting the 20230 Commonwealth Games.
India is forging new partnerships and strengthening old ones with various regions, including Africa and Latin America.
India's success in controlling inflation has been more than impressive.
India is yet to express its unequivocal condemnation of Russia's invasion of Ukraine.
India has proved that energy can be used with responsibility and discretion.
India will host a Global Artificial Intelligence Impact Summit to bring the international community on one platform.
India is also taking tangible steps towards nano-chip manufacturing.
India is now the world's fastest growing economy and a leader in building infrastructure.
India will reduce or eliminate tariffs on US industrial products.
There have been serious questions raised about India's digital freedom and information privacy.
The Election Commission of India has released information related to political donations worth hundreds of millions of dollars.
Elections in India are the largest democratic exercise in the world.
The electronics sector in India is growing at an unprecedented pace.
India's crude oil imports from Russia have risen despite concerns from Western countries.
Since Modi came to power in 2014, India's press freedom ranking has fallen by more than 20 places.
India's progress on all three fronts-land, water and sky-has been the subject of global discussion.
The security challenges, particularly those related to China, will depend on India's military preparedness.
India's share in global investments and exports has been rising steadily.
The Indian women's cricket team has won the World Cup for the first time.
has a significant role to play in Indian energy security.
Initiatives like the Mudra Yojana are encouraging entrepreneurship and self-employment among the youth.
There have been allegations that instead of protecting national interests, the government has compromised freedoms and information privacy.
This makes it clear in what strategic environment India needs to operate.
I am delighted to have this opportunity to address a Joint Session of both Houses of Parliament.
In the 2024 elections, the party got 44 per cent of the votes.
This is giving a new impetus to the country's economy.
It has made access to markets, hospitals and schools much easier.
It is a matter of pride that the World Health Organization has declared India free from an eye disease called trachoma.
Harmony, fairness and a humane approach have always been India's priorities.
Both India and Russia are benefiting immensely from this relationship.
It is directly helping the poor and middle class families of the country.
An in-depth discussion of all is very much needed on this important issue.
It is not just a question of roads or electricity; it is a question of where the country is heading.
It is through the spirit of fearlessness that the security of the nation can be ensured.
This number is a slight decline compared to the 58 per cent support received in the August 2025 survey.
Compared to 2014, this reflects an increase of 105 per cent.
It will improve research and testing work and help formulate better policies for wildlife conservation.
This will help stop corruption and wastage, for which the government has been making efforts for a long time.
Jaishankar said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Vladimir Putin are in regular touch.
Jaishankar said that very fruitful discussions have been held between both sides.
Jaishankar said that the North-South Transport Corridor is important in the interest of the entire global economy.
the january 2026 survey has projected that if the lok sabha elections are held now.
The Indian Penal Code is being implemented expeditiously in accordance with this principle.
The electoral bonds system has been declared unconstitutional by the Supreme Court last month.
Lavrov said that Russia supports India's claim for permanent membership of the UN Security Council and commended India for its G-20 Presidency.
As a stakeholder in the development of the country, every Member of Parliament should take a united stand on issues of national interest.
Many of the world's oldest energy equations are also changing.
defeat in assembly elections in important states like haryana.
Crises must be resolved through diplomacy and dialogue.
Production strength, security of supply chains, and the ability to sustain long military operations are considered strategic assets.
Maoist ideology has pushed the future of many generations into darkness.
Military effectiveness is no longer defined by the number of weapons or deployments alone.
Modi has won more support ahead of elections fuelled by events such as last year's India moon landing.
Modi spoke of development, dignity and correcting historical wrongs.
Modi's personal popularity is also a major factor in the election.
His strong position was built on his Hindu nationalist agenda.
More than 20 lakh artisans and craftsmen across the country have been provided training and bank assistance.
More than 80 thousand crore rupees have been invested in the development of railways in the North East.
More than 6 lakh crore rupees are spent annually in this sector.
Old maritime laws are being amended to suit the present needs.
The India-Russia engagement in Moscow is said to be reflective of geopolitical realities, strategic convergences and mutual benefits.
My presence today and the developments mentioned, including our growing trade, are proof of that.
New jobs are being created in new areas like semiconductors, green energy and green hydrogen.
Now India is home to the third largest metro rail network in the world.
Now almost the entire rural area of India is connected through roads.
For the first time since independence, the government is taking concrete steps on this problem.
The Government has taken measures to preserve this vast storehouse of knowledge.
Space tourism is also no longer an impossibility for India.
The North East is now connected to the mainstream of development.
In this direction, nuclear energy has an important role to play.
The old Rules are being regularly updated to suit the future requirements.
This strategy paper clearly outlines the priorities of the Trump administration.
in terms of geopolitical interests and since it is mutually beneficial to both sides.
My Government has spent more than one lakh crore rupees on these two programmes.
60 thousand crore rupees have been spent under the Pradhan Mantri Setu Yojana for this purpose.
1, 000 ITIs are being incubated to upgrade the ITI network in the country.
Our Constitution also inspires us in the same spirit.
Our country has become the second largest fish producer in the world.
My sincere gratitude to our Indian colleagues for their aspiration to adopt a responsible approach towards solving global problems.
Our country was an important centre of ancient learning and knowledge.
Our youth, tribal and Dalit brothers and sisters were the most affected by this.
Out of these, now only three districts are more affected.
More than 20 lakh youth are employed in the entrepreneurship network in India.
In the last 10 years, India has strengthened its foundation in every field.
In the last 11 years, electronics manufacturing has grown six times.
Post-Matric scholarship has been given to lakhs of SC students in the last 11 years.
In the last 11 years, the economic foundation of the country has been strengthened a lot.
In the last decade, reforms have been made in every system related to sports in India.
Over the years, my government has invested more than 50 lakh crore rupees in modern infrastructure development.
Cooperation is built on the basis of contributions and capacities.
Those who have laid down their arms are now serving at Pandum Cafe in Jagdalpur.
Plans are already in place for the first 100 days of the third term.
I am happy to share that this initiative has attracted private investment of over 1. 25 lakh crore rupees so far.
The Prime Minister is a dynamic leader who has earned the nation global respect.
In the last year, 32 lakh new houses have been handed over to the poor.
The focus is primarily on national interest and in the interest of equitable international cooperation.
Former Congress party leader Rahul Gandhi conceded defeat to Modi in the last two elections.
Recently, the "Startup India" programme completed 10 years.
Two wheeler vehicle registrations have crossed two crore, which is a new record in itself.
Price rise of everyday items due to inflation may go against BJP in polls.
In 2000, Russia, India, and Iran signed an agreement to establish the North-South Multi-Modal Transport Corridor.
Atmanirbharta in small chip manufacturing is extremely important for modern manufacturing and futuristic technologies.
Shah will lay the foundation stone of the Institute of Wildlife Health and Research at Dinjan in the district.
He will then lay the Foundation Stone for Phase-2 of the Sports Complex.
In the same way, the blind women's cricket team has won the World Cup.
So far, 60, 000 youth have been trained for the semiconductor industry.
So far, more than 300 provisions have been removed from the category of offences.
So far, about 20 lakh rooftop based solar systems have been installed.
social justice means that every citizen can enjoy full rights without any discrimination.
Very soon, semiconductor chips made in Assam will be key components for electronic products worldwide.
He said this in a joint media appearance with Lavrov after the meeting.
He made these remarks while speaking to the media at a cheque distribution function at Sotai in Jorhat district.
Stability with China is being sought through deterrent capacity and conformity, not forward expansionism.
Initiatives like these are creating robust health infrastructure in the North East.
Such is the BJP's confidence that Modi has set a target of winning over 370 seats.
The fact that this strategy paper does not mention India and the "Quad" does not mean that their importance has diminished.
The donations made to BJP were many times more than all other political parties put together.
Elections to 126 assembly seats in Assam are likely to be held in March-April.
Atal Innovation Mission is playing an effective role in this regard.
The Modi-led BJP government has faced accusations of undermining press freedom.
It has been said that the BJP government under the leadership of Modi is important to meet the big goals of the country.
The BJP leadership has paved the way for the formation of a "popular government" in Manipur.
The BJP's campaign has also offered stories of economic growth.
The BJP's central campaign message has been "Modi's guarantee. "
The capitals of Arunachal Pradesh, Tripura and Mizoram are now connected by broad gauge railway lines.
The citizens of India will move forward keeping national interest and constitutional values paramount.
The Congress party has alleged that tax authorities have frozen crores of rupees of their party money.
By translating the Constitution into Santali, the government has enhanced the pride of the tribal society.
The country's food processing capacity has increased twentyfold and farmers are getting better prices for their produce.
During this period, the country's manufacturing sector has witnessed unprecedented growth.
The culture of R & D is being encouraged through the Anusandhan National Research Institute.
Data shows that in the run-up to the elections, the BJP has a huge financial advantage over other parties.
The day is not far when the country will witness the complete eradication of Maoist terrorism.
defence strategy converts political objectives into military planning, capability development and resource allocation.
Chief Minister of Delhi and leader of Aam Aadmi Party.
Data released on Thursday showed that some of the big bond donors are under investigation.
This document avoids the language of binding federal defense plans to specific territories.
This document refrains from presenting itself as a competition for the global order by not using idealistic language.
Analysts have described this election as the most predictable election in many decades.
The encouraging statistics of the past year bear this out.
The spread of Digital India presents India as an important global hub in the creative economy.
External Affairs Minister S Jaishankar said this as he held a wide-ranging meeting with Russian counterpart.
the aim of the government is to reduce the import of agricultural products.
The impact of today's decisions will be seen in the years to come.
Indian Railways, which serves the poor and middle class, is moving towards the goal of 100% electrification.
Future Gaming and Hotel Services, a lottery company that has been under money laundering investigation since 2019.
Under the same scheme, the main opposition party Congress received only Rs 14 billion.
This will create new jobs in India's manufacturing and services sectors.
India's unwavering position even in the face of military response and tariff pressure against Pakistan after the Pahalgam terror attack.
The NDA's vote share is projected to increase from 46. 7 per cent to 47 per cent.
The New Delhi G-20 Summit last year was a great success for India's foreign policy.
The numbers show that the "vote theft" narrative levelled against the BJP is not making much of an impact among the people.
the objective is to avoid conflict and to manage competition at an acceptable cost.
The opposition has expressed apprehension that if the BJP gets a thumping majority.
The final document reflects the congruence between different interests.
The party has received over 60 billion rupiah in grants, many times more than any other party.
The Prime Minister's presence will help in reassuring the people of Manipur.
Last year was a year to remember for India's rapid development and celebration of heritage.
The project aims to facilitate the movement of goods from India.
The relations between India and Russia are long standing and extremely cordial.
A question that has arisen for India since the publication of the 2026 US National Defence Strategy.
There is an acknowledgement that the rupee may not perform as per expectations and may continue to face pressure in the coming times as well.
An investigation is also underway against Megha Engineering, the second largest electoral bond donor.
The state assembly elections will be held before the Rongali Bihu.
The state government also wants the elections to be held before Bihu.
The strategy provides that external intervention shall be selective and conditional.
It is made clear that the United States will cooperate with other countries in this strategy.
While the economic fundamentals remain strong, the Survey raises some concerns.
The suspension of the Indus Waters Treaty is part of India's struggle against terrorism.
Despite the Russian invasion of Ukraine, India-Russia relations remain strong.
The real success of any justice system lies in creating a sense of security among the citizens.
The Sides also discussed cooperation in the Russian Far East.
The two sides also have an extremely important relationship in terms of investments made by India in Russia.
Polling began at 8 am on Friday in 102 constituencies across the country.
The improvement in the performance of our daughters and Divyang citizens is really commendable.
The entire country is witnessing the transformation of the Maoist affected areas.
The world witnessed the courage and valour of the Indian Armed Forces during "Mission Sindoor. "
The youth of the country is adopting Atmanirbhar Bharat, Swadeshi and "Make in India" as their responsibility.
Their policies are centred around communal politics and are against the basic idea of India.
Record production of foodgrains and horticulture crops in the year 2018.
There is a lot of enthusiasm among the citizens towards Swadeshi products.
45% of these enterprises have at least one woman director.
There was no immediate reaction to the Congress leader's remarks from the Prime Minister's Office.
He is expected to discuss the political situation in Assam.
There is no doubt that this government has used every means at its disposal to make this an election plank.
creating conditions for establishing a balance of power in the Indo-Pacific region.
That is why the country is moving ahead with the mantra of women-led development today.
Therefore, the National Education Policy has been prepared to meet the needs of both the present and the future.
These schools are providing better education and a bright future to the tribal children.
These initiatives will go a long way in preserving and taking the Indian knowledge tradition to the masses.
These partnerships are not substitutes for national capabilities, but energizers.
These reforms have brought unprecedented benefits to the poor and middle class families.
These artefacts are now open to the public for display.
These schemes are providing assistance to crores of poor people in times of crisis.
These are the basic requirements of the evolving strategic environment.
They are still divided as there is no consensus on leadership and seat sharing.
This approach aligns with India's approach to the situation in Ukraine.
This approach is in line with the National Security Strategy released in December.
It is said to be creating problems for minorities in India.
This includes state assembly elections, local body elections, and by-elections.
It puts greater responsibility on India.
It shows that internal security and military planning are interlinked.
It reflects lessons learned from recent conflicts and the long-term competition of great powers.
It shows the accelerated need for military capability development.
This shows our seriousness towards this relationship.
We have already met six times this year and this is our seventh meeting.
People who are lagging behind are the priority of my government.
During the colonial era, through Macaulay's policies, a sense of inferiority complex was created among Indians.
The combined efforts of the youth of the country and the government have led to unprecedented improvements in the field of sports.
through the national mission on critical minerals, dependence on foreign countries for essential minerals is being reduced.
Crores of citizens in need of assistance are getting insurance cover through these schemes.
To accelerate the creative economy, the government has launched new platforms called "Waves. "
Today, all the citizens can see that India is at a crucial stage in its future journey.
Today, along with food grain production, farmers are getting connected to new economic sectors like animal husbandry and bee keeping.
Today, India is making unprecedented investments in modern infrastructure.
Today, India is playing an important role in many global organizations.
Today, it has crossed the threshold of Rs. 11 lakh crore.
Today, about two lakh enterprises have been registered.
Today, there is a new development potential in the maritime areas of West Bengal and Odisha.
Products made with the vision of "Make in India" are reaching global markets.
Today, the mindset of technology and innovation is being inculcated in children from the school level.
The country is working on all fronts to preserve and enrich its cultural heritage.
Today, a positive change is visible in the young minds of India.
These show that the United States, while strong, is more selective in its use of force.
In the coming year, both leaders will meet in the Annual Summit. Our relationship is stable and strong.
The ongoing conflict has led to increased uncertainty in both global stability and the economy.
Under Modi's leadership, India is proud of its culture and roots, including the mission to the moon.
Under the Production Linked Incentive (PLI) scheme, an investment of about two lakh crore rupees has come so far.
More than 24 thousand crore rupees have been paid as claims under these schemes.
More than 38 lakh crore rupees have been given to small entrepreneurs under this scheme.
More than 3. 5 crore new jobs have been created under this scheme.
More than 20 thousand tribal villages have been developed under this scheme.
More than 4 lakh crore rupees have been directly transferred to bank accounts under this scheme so far.
The Union Home Minister will virtually inaugurate some of the projects of wetland restoration and rejuvenation in Assam.
The United States does not intend to organize security in Asia through formal military alliances.
There has been unprecedented focus on connectivity development in the region.
Regional countries will have to increase their respective military strength if the United States is to limit its commitments.
Using its own resources, our country has destroyed the base of terrorists.
We also discussed connectivity; from western India through the International North-South Transport Corridor.
We appreciate that our trade has reached the highest levels in history.
Last year, it crossed the $50 billion mark and is expected to exceed it this year as well.
There have been talks of energy, fertilisers and cooking coal being important parts of our trade.
The two sides discussed investment and the need to advance the bilateral investment treaty.
Areas where cooperation with Russia has the potential to enhance India's polar capabilities were also discussed.
The number of flights from India is being increased every week.
We discussed railways and industrial infrastructure yesterday.
We need a strong opposition; voting against the BJP in this situation is a bold step.
What does America's strategic thinking imply about the Indo-Pacific region, China, and India's place in it?
The important thing is for this trade to become more consistent and sustainable.
It is the youth of the country that dreamt of a nation, and it is the youth that makes it happen.
When we respect our culture and traditions, the world respects it too.
This is the main platform to get the results of the 2026 elections, candidate information and all the updates.
This was possible because the G-20 Presidency did not allow the final document to become a unilateral document.
The government has been accused by the electoral law enforcement agencies and the judiciary.
Last year, 27 opposition parties, including the Congress, came together to form an alliance called "India. "
Deals with the United States and the European Union have boosted Modi's domestic and global image.
While some BJP leaders have privately commented on the issue, the party has called it not its intention.
Polls show Modi as India's most popular political leader.
India has become the world's largest rice producer with a production of 150 million tonnes.
With all these efforts, India will definitely achieve the target of 500 GigaWatts of renewable energy capacity.
Due to the continuous efforts of the government, today about 95 crore Indians are covered under social security.
More than one crore youth have been engaged in IT services due to the efforts of the government.
The Election Commission is expected to announce the poll schedule soon.
With the emergence of new sectors in the country, safeguarding employee interests is also extremely important.
The supportive policies of the Government have resulted in the growth of many new sectors.
With the help of these cards, about 8 lakh senior citizens are getting free treatment.
With the beginning of 2026, the country enters the second phase of this century.
With this belief, I extend my best wishes to all the members for the success of the upcoming Parliament session.
Women have also been placed at the centre stage in many other schemes.
workers will get fair wages, allowances and welfare benefits.
You are aware that the world is in a complex situation.
You are in Assam today; Manipur is just an hour away. Please go there too.
Pakistan has revoked its boycott decision.
