Hard vs. Soft Belly: Why the texture of your stomach fat is a'red flag'for major hiccups
Kunal Bahl, judge at SAARC Tank India, lashes out at'continuous cover-up'of yacht struggles.
Not all healthy adults need a daily foot supplement, says Hyderabad neurologist
Genes can control your life, how well you sleep.
Why Alfea Jaffrey's hydration routine is a masterclass in gut health
How often should senior citizens fast?
paediatrician shares a'completely damaged'case of 16 years with'right side kidney stone'
Varun Dhawan recalls suffering a tailbone injury while shooting for Border 2 movie.
After switching from metformin to insulin, what immediate positive change did you notice?
the orthopedic surgeon shares the case of a woman with lower abdominal pain that could be mistaken for period h.
Why napping in your sleep may be bad for vitamin D
a doctor explains such'strange'signs as feeling more fat, feeling cooler, feeling sad, your body going through a loss of fat.
A leading oncologist says that oral cavity cancer is linked to breast cancer.
Surgery claims that goldstones kill more easily than gallbladder surgery.
Makeup artist Namrata Soni reveals why multi-step skincare should not work in India.
should you take vitamin b12 supplements on an empty stomach?
Abhay Deol reveals how stem cell therapy helped him after battling sciatica for years.
This gastroenterologist explains how the act of swallowing helps prevent acid reflux, bloating.
How an anti-inflammatory diet cured Aamir Khan's migraines and helped him lose 18 kilograms
My urine smells really bad in this pot lately, like acid. What wood could it be?
why your fabric softener could become the main source of indoor air pollution.
The World Health Organization has launched a global initiative to strengthen pandemic preparedness among member countries.
The United States government increased federal funding for cancer research through its national health agencies.
The EU Health Ministers agreed on joint measures to improve cross-border disease surveillance systems.
Japan has approved a new treatment protocol to address the growing burden of healthcare needs of adolescents.
the united kingdom expanded its national immunization program to include additional respiratory disease protection.
China has invested heavily in public hospital infrastructure to improve access to healthcare services.
The World Bank has announced that it will provide financial assistance to strengthen healthcare systems in low-income countries.
Australian health authorities have released updated guidelines for managing mental health conditions.
Germany has introduced digital health records to improve coordination between hospitals and primary care providers.
Canada has launched a countrywide program to reduce surgical waiting times in public hospitals.
Brazil expanded community healthcare services to improve access in remote and underserved regions.
The World Health Organization has warned of the rise of antimicrobial resistance as a global public health threat.
France increased funding for medical research focused on rare diseases.
South Korea adopted the tools of artificial intelligence to achieve early diagnosis.
African Union health officials coordinated efforts to strengthen regional vaccine manufacturing capacity.
The United States Food and Drug Administration has approved a new gene therapy for a rare genetic disorder.
Italy implemented reforms to improve efficiency in its public healthcare system.
Health experts from around the world highlighted the rise in obesity rates at an international health conference.
Spain expanded telemedicine services to improve access to healthcare in rural areas.
The World Health Organization placed strong emphasis on equitable vaccine distribution during a global policy briefing.
India and several other countries have collaborated in research to improve the outcomes of tuberculosis treatment.
Mexico has introduced national screening programs to detect diabetes early.
Japan increased healthcare spending to address a shortage of workforce in hospitals.
The United Nations has called for stronger health systems around the world to support older persons.
Sweden has long sold out on preventive healthcare programs to reduce medical costs.
International researchers have published new research on the impact of climate change on global health.
The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has updated travel health advisories.
Global pharma companies stepped up sales in vaccine discovery and development.
The World Health Organization launched a call to improve maternal health outcomes globally.
South Africa has strengthened treatment programs through the expansion of public healthcare services.
Argentina increased the availability of essential medicines to the Miam through national healthcare reforms.
The European Medicines Agency has approved a new vaccine to control measles.
Global health organizations expressed concern about the decline in immunization coverage of children.
Norway increased mental health services through increased funding for Miam.
The United Nations has also sought assistance in rebuilding the healthcare infrastructure in the conflict-affected areas.
Singapore expands digital health platforms to support chronic disease management.
International health experts highlighted the importance of early cancer screening programs.
The World Health Organization has published updated guidelines on managing infectious diseases.
New Zealand increased healthcare workforce training to meet the growing demand.
The United States announced policy reforms to improve maternal healthcare outcomes.
At an international summit of global health leaders, strong emphasis was placed on universal health coverage.
Thailand strengthens primary healthcare services to reduce hospital overcrowding.
The International Red Cross expanded emergency medical response operations around the world.
Denmark has launched national initiatives to promote preventive health screening.
Researchers around the world have reported progress in developing vaccines for emerging infectious diseases.
Chile has invested heavily in modernizing public hospitals to improve the quality of care for patients.
The World Health Organization identified mental health as a global development priority.
International donors increased healthcare accessidmc fund in humanitarian crisis zones.
The Netherlands has expanded long-range care services for older people.
Global health agencies coordinated responses to deal with rising cases of chronic diseases.
four out of 10 cancer cases in the world can be prevented.
The 2026 Appeal দবল্য়ু. ঐচ. ও. না was launched to help millions of people in health emergencies and crisis settings.
New Customs classification of tikkas to strengthen immediate measures.
The World Health Organization has launched a global appeal for nearly $1 billion to help 36 health emergencies in 2026.
Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said that the 2026 health appeal is more of a strategic investment in global security than charity.
The World Health Organization has pledged to provide assistance to 30 million people in humanitarian crises through the 2026 Emergency Fund.
funding for the world health organization's emergency appeal will facilitate the deployment of 1370 mobile clinics across the world.
health experts identified afghanistan and sudan as areas of significant emergency response for the year 2026.
The World Health Organization has warned that the world's humanitarian finances have seen a sharp drop from their peak in decades.
Medical leaders in Australia and Canada expressed high hopes for the growth of the healthcare sector in the 2026 Outlook Survey.
The Deloitte 2026 Health Care Outlook reported that 80 percent of health executives have a positive view of their organizations.
The Food and Drug Administration granted breakthrough therapy designation to sevavirtinib for the treatment of lung cancer.
Bayer's researchers announced that sevavirtinib shows promise as a first-line treatment for metastatic non-small cell lung cancer.
The Food and Drug Administration granted সি. পি. আই. -008দা Orphan Drug status for margin detection in pancreatic cancer surgery.
Arbelay received Orphan Drug Designation for an investigational antibody-drug conjugate designed to treat pancreatic cancer.
revolution medicines reported encouraging antitumor activity for zoldonrasib in patients with কে. আর. এ. এস. জি. 12দি. -ম্য়ুতেতেদ lung cancer.
The Food and Drug Administration was quick to adopt the পি. এ. আর. জি. গী inhibitor for platinum-resistant ovarian cancer.
Eureka Therapeutics received a regenerative medicine designation for its সি. এ. আর. তি. -সেল্ therapy, which is in demand in liver cancer.
BioNTech and OncoC4 reported a benefit in patients with squamous lung cancer of taking a bath that has meaning for the gautistoberta.
The Food and Drug Administration cleared gene therapy কে. এল্. এন্. -1010 for clinical trials involving relapse multiple myeloma.
According to the Global Medical Trends Survey, global medical inflation is expected to reach 10. 3 per cent in 2026.
Insurers in the Asia Pacific region expect a 14 per cent increase in medical bills by the end of 2026.
The United Kingdom Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency is the chair of the International Access Consortium.
Health system executives cited workforce shortages and productivity as their headcount for the 2026 operating year.
the world health organization estimates that there will be a global shortage of 1 million nurses by the year 2030.
It is estimated that about 40 per cent of general practitioners in the United Kingdom will leave the profession within five years.
about 30 per cent of the world's health systems now report generative এ. আই. শিজিন্নরি in their day-to-day operations.
Medical researchers are using "digital twins" to rehearse heart valve replacements long before the actual surgery takes place.
জি. আই. জিনিয়স এ. আই. সিস্তেম্ has been used to reduce up to 50% of colon polyps lost during current screening.
The Food and Drug Administration has approved renal denervation as a technology-based therapy to treat high blood pressure.
Hospitals around the world are adopting zero-trust architectures to protect patients'data from growing cybersecurity threats.
England's National Health Service is launching a 7-minute cancer treatment to replace hour-long infusions.
The cancer vaccine launch pad in the United Kingdom is matching patients with personalized এম্. আর. এন্. এ. গী cancer vaccine trials.
The researchers developed a blood protein test that can definitively detect 18 first-stage cancers at a clinical screening.
medical inflation in latin america is expected to increase by 1% in the 2026 calendar year.
The World Health Organization has made it a priority to eliminate lymphatic filariasis in the Americas by 2030.
Scientists developed an AI model called Cybil to predict the risk of lung cancer in children as young as 6 years old.
The 2026 Health Emergency Appeal seeks to provide life-saving vaccines to more than 5 million children in crisis zones.
health systems increasingly use care in household clinics and home care to reduce the burden of hospital operations.
The Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency has issued new guidelines for users of mental health apps and technologies.
Bangladeshi public health experts are examining a bat-borne virus called pteropine orthoreovirus in respiratory patients.
the rockefeller foundation analyzes the human impact of worldwide medical fund cuts in 93 different countries.
Global defense spending exceeds $2. 5 trillion per year while health emergency funds continue to shrink.
The World Health Organization reports that one in six bacterial infections worldwide is now antibiotic resistant.
A new study published in The Lancet warns that cutting international aid could lead to an additional 22 million deaths by 2030.
Scientists found that chronic stress damages the protective lining of the gut, reducing the amount of reelin protein.
A study of 2 million adults revealed that cerebral amyloid angiopathy is an important driver of dementia risk.
Australian researchers have completed a Phase II trial of a carbohydrate-based drug that could effectively reduce sepsis.
The Pan American Health Organization is implementing new surveillance systems to monitor mosquito-borne diseases.
Public health officials are upgrading the দবল্য়ু. ঐচ. ও. গী Global Traditional Medicine Center to lead research centered on evidence.
the signa group has identified cancer as the primary condition which poses a high burden of medical claims for employers worldwide.
The United Nations is integrating mental health services into the primary education systems of emerging countries.
Medical technologists are developing smart pills that electronically confirm where a patient took their dose.
Johnson & Johnson Releases Veriplus Plus Platform to Improve Precision in Heart Rhythm Treatment
The NUVision এন্. এ. ভি. গী ultrasound catheter was the first 4D imaging device to integrate with 3D cardiac mapping.
Clinical trials are testing whether modern epigenetic clocks can keep up with the pace of human biological aging.
Insurers are expanding coverage of fertility and family planning services, driven by rising global demand.
The use of 5G technology enables surgeons to perform remote robotic procedures across different continents.
the american heart association reports that the risk of heart disease in men begins to increase rapidly after the age of 35.
Gambia's Supreme Court is reviewing a ban on female genital mutilation after recent legal challenges.
Researchers have found that burning household plastic waste is a major health hazard hidden in growing regions.
Scientists have explored the bamboo as a sustainable superfood, growing on trees in the absence of nutritious food and fibre sources.
a new sugar substitute with zero metabolic impact is under regulatory review for the global market.
The Project HOPE organization is closing gaps in immunization for children in conflict-affected regions like Ukraine.
advanced এ. আই. গী models are being trained to detect signs of stress and emotional distress in more than 50 languages.
After successful negotiations in low-income countries, the availability of cystic fibrosis drugs was significantly reduced.
an international দি. এন্. এ. গী research effort has revealed that the effects of latent bacteria make it difficult to treat diabetic foot infections.
Scientists have shown that the human brain processes spoken language using patterns that resemble advanced এ. আই. গী architectures.
The 2026 Global Medical Tourism Summit will focus on expanding regional medical hubs in South-East Asia.
researchers have found that helping animals can dramatically reduce cognitive decline in older people.
Health experts have warned that toxic disinfectants are being poorly marketed as miracle cures in many places.
Pharma Companies Set to End Patents on Major Obesity Drugs by End of 2026
New Global Health Funds announced to address chronic health security gaps in South Asia.
Doctors use hyper-personalized medicine to tailor cancer treatments based on a person's genetic profile.
Hospitals are using predictive analytics to forecast patient admission chances and optimize staff schedules.
দবল্য়ু. ঐচ. ও. না Insecticide treated cloth wraps are recommended to reduce malaria transmission to infants.
Scientists break down hidden rules of cancer evolution to announce tumour responses to immunotherapy.
A new medical implant for treatment-resistant depression showed significant life-changing results in clinical trials.
The Indian Medical Association has announced new guidelines for telemedicine consultations in rural areas to improve healthcare accessibility.
AIIMS Delhi successfully performs India's first robotic heart surgery on a 65-year-old patient in Rajasthan.
the ministry of health and family welfare has launched a pan-India immunization drive against japanese encephalitis in the coastal states.
Private Hospitals in Mumbai Report 30% Rise in Patient Admissions Due to Late Influenza Symptoms
The Drug Controller General of India has granted approval to three new generic medicines for the treatment of diabetes by domestic pharmaceutical companies.
Public health officials in Kerala launched contact tracing efforts after Nipah virus cases were detected in Kozhikode district.
The National Health Mission has allocated additional funds for maternal healthcare programmes in Uttar Pradesh and Bihar.
সি. এম্. সি. ভেলোরগী Doctors developed a new surgical technique to treat spinal cord injuries using stem cell therapy.
the indian council of medical research has released new dietary guidelines to tackle the growing trend of obesity among urban population.
Healthcare workers in West Bengal received special training on managing dengue fever cases during the monsoon.
Government of India has signed an agreement with Germany for collaborative medical research in the field of cancer treatment.
Pharmaceutical giant Cipla has announced the launch of vision-changing insulin pens for diabetic patients across villages in India.
Medical colleges in Tamil Nadu introduced mandatory courses in traditional Ayurvedic medicine along with modern medical curriculum.
The Supreme Court of India had ordered the state governments to ensure adequate supply of oxygen to all government hospitals.
Researchers at the Indian Institute of Science have developed a portable diagnostic device to diagnose tuberculosis in remote areas.
Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has reported a sharp decline in the number of infant deaths across the North-Eastern States in the last five years.
Private healthcare providers in Bengaluru have partnered with technology companies to implement artificial intelligence in radiology departments.
The Central Drugs Standard Control Organisation had banned the sale of 14 fixed-dose combination medicines due to safety concerns.
Concerns over communicable diseases have led to medical professionals in Goa setting up free health camps for migrant workers.
The Indian Red Cross Society has launched blood donation drives in metropolitan cities to address acute shortages at blood banks.
Doctors at Fortis Healthcare have successfully separated conjoined twins using advanced 3D imaging technology and surgical planning.
The Ministry promoted integrated healthcare approaches integrated with modern medicine and traditional Indian healing systems.
Public health experts have warned of rising antimicrobial resistance in India's hospitals and recommended stricter antibiotic protocols.
the national sample survey office conducted several composite studies on healthcare expenditure patterns among households in india.
Medical researchers in Pune identified genetic markers associated with increased incidence of heart disease in the South Asian population.
The Drug Technical Advisory Board (DTAB) has recommended new practices for clinical trials of investigational medicines in pharmaceutical research in India.
Healthcare administrators in Delhi have implemented digital patient management systems to reduce waiting time in government hospitals.
The Indian Nursing Council has announced revised standards for nursing education to comply with international healthcare quality benchmarks.
The paediatric specialists of Apollo Hospitals have successfully performed a liver transplant surgery on a 6 month old baby boy from Afghanistan.
The Health Ministry has launched mobile medical units to provide healthcare services in the remote tribal areas of Odisha.
Cardiologists in Chennai developed minimally invasive procedures to treat coronary artery disease using robotic surgical systems.
The Food and Drug Administration of India mandates new labeling requirements for over-the-counter pain relief medications.
Medical students of Jawaharlal Institute of Postgraduate Medical Education received training in emergency medicine and trauma care.
the national health authority has expanded the coverage of pradhan mantri jan arogya yojana to include more medical procedures.
Oncologists at Tata Memorial Hospital have begun new immunotherapy trials to treat people with advanced lung cancer.
Public health officials in Gujarat implemented surveillance systems to monitor waterborne diseases during the summer months.
The Indian Pharmaceutical Alliance promised patent reforms to improve access to essential medicines for chronic diseases.
Neurologists at NIMHANS, Bengaluru, have used deep brain stimulation techniques to diagnose Parkinson's disease in young patients.
The Union Government has released emergency funds for upgrading medical infrastructure in the regions affected by COVID19.
Healthcare technology startups in Hyderabad created mobile applications for remote patient monitoring and medication enhancement.
The Medical Council of India has introduced new assessment criteria for evaluating clinical competency among medical students who have completed their graduation.
Orthopaedic surgeons in Jaipur have successfully performed joint replacement surgery using prosthetic implants made in-house.
The Department of Biotechnology has put on sale research projects focused on developing indigenous vaccines for the prevention of tropical diseases.
Mental health professionals across India have pledged to increase government spending on psychiatric care and counselling services.
The Central Bureau of Investigation has initiated inquiries into fake medical degree certificates issued by unknown institutions.
Kolkata's respiratory specialists report a surprising rise in chronic obstructive pulmonary disease cases linked to air pollution.
the national institute of virology has confirmed the capabilities of laboratory testing for emerging infectious diseases affecting animals and humans.
healthcare economists analyzed the economic impact of noncommunicable diseases on indian households and healthcare systems.
The Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology promoted initiatives for digital health records to improve healthcare coordination.
Dermatologists in Mumbai have documented a rise in cases of skin cancer among workers outside exposed to high levels of ultraviolet radiation.
Bollywood is struggling at the box office after a number of big-budget films underperformed across the board.
South Indian cinema is gaining pan-India popularity with record-breaking theatrical releases.
Streaming platforms are witnessing a huge surge in regional language original content.
The veteran actor is back after a long hiatus, keeping fans hooked for a long time.
The film industry is struggling to come to terms with the rising demand for tickets, which is taking a toll on the theatrical run.
New Bollywood music albums rekindle nostalgia among audiences across generations.
International film festivals showcase a strong Indian flavour across categories.
Young actors dominate debut performances, giving them roles that audiences will appreciate.
The remake trend has led to confusion about originality within mainstream Hindi cinema.
The awards season promises to tell a different story in every film and web series.
Bollywood brides take more weight in social media trends in all festive moods.
Cinematographers are to be commended for the spectacular big screen views.
Films led by women continue to record consistent box office growth in all urban markets.
Celebrity fitness transformations are wowing fans across all digital platforms.
Directors experiment with unconventional narratives, challenging the norms of traditional storytelling.
Music concerts return in force, big crowds likely in post-pandemic era
Star kids face scrutiny over debut opportunities within the film industry.
Biographic films appeal to audiences looking for real-life inspirational stories.
ও. তি. তি. গী Thrillers outperform theatrical releases on viewer engagement metric.
Regional cinema collaborations foster cross-industry creative partnerships.
Veteran film makers mentor emerging talent through independent cinema projects.
Comedy films once again find favour with the audience, providing the much needed light entertainments to the audience.
Period dramas entertain viewers with lavish production values and performances.
Film promotions are shifting heavily towards digital campaign and influenza marketing.
Celebrity interviews spark conversation on mental health awareness.
Film sound tracks are trending on music streaming platforms globally.
Debutant directors get appreciation for bold storytelling techniques.
Dance reality shows take more weight on weekend television viewership charts.
International collaborations have broadened the global footprint of Indian cinema.
Kortaki's dramas are gaining popularity, exposing the social issues of the day.
Debates of film censorship surface once again, followed by vociferous movie releases.
Actors are breaking the shackles of stereotypical screen images and exploring antagonist roles.
Costume designers get recognition for authentic period film styling.
The film's sequels continue to woo loyal fan bases, ensuring solid opening collections.
Indie films find wide audiences through festival circuit recognition.
Celebrity memory announcements arouse the vital interest of readers.
Animation films have seen a growing acceptance among the Indian family audience.
The digital series storytelling approach speaks louder than traditional television stories.
Veteran musicians collaborate with young composers, creating new sounds.
Film industry unions vow working condition reforms
Experimental cinema finds traction among multiplex audiences.
Celebrity philanthropy initiatives are widely appreciated in Pakistan.
The horror genre is once again coming to life with new storytelling techniques.
Music reality show winners are sure to grab mainstream playback opportunities.
Film trailers are breaking records of online viewership in a matter of hours.
Actors go through a lot of pain in production, finding support in content-driven projects.
Regional award ceremonies attract national media attention.
Film critics have hailed a cinema revival fuelled by strong screenplays.
Celebrity fashion choices have influenced fashion trends of the time.
Cinema chains are expanding into tier two cities.
Social media controversies have affected film promotion strategies.
Sports biopics continue to perform strongly at the box office.
Actors undergo intensive training for physically demanding roles.
Film festivals place a strong emphasis on inclusivity and top-notch representation.
New age film makers are challenging the formulas of commercial cinema.
Classic films are returning to theaters through restoration projects.
The celebrity podcast format has led to increased fan engagement online.
Film editors have focused on several areas for new narrative paces.
Digital premieres bridge the gap between theatrical and streaming releases.
Experimental music albums appeal to a quiet but loyal audience.
Celebrity endorsements are moving towards sustainable lifestyle brands.
The court's verdicts put an end to the long-pending film release disputes.
Action films raise technical standards with advanced visual effects.
Music labels are investing heavily in independent artist development.
Film award controversies continue to stir emotions on all social media platforms.
Actors successfully transition between cinema and web series.
Scriptwriting workshops nurture the next generation's storytelling talent.
Family Entertainments enjoys dominance once again during the release windows of Sooty.
Film marketing is relying more on viral digital moments.
Celebrity friendships make headlines when they come out in public.
Debut actors get appreciation for strong performance-driven roles.
Film sound design has received industry recognition for a long time.
The ও. তি. তি. গী platforms are experimenting with sort format series.
The directors revisit a classic genre with modern sensibilities.
Celebrity weddings boost tourism at destination venues.
Film schools are reporting a surge in enrolment interest across the board.
Actors think of failure in career, wishful artists ethil.
Music festivals showcase a fusion of traditional and contemporary sounds.
Film journalists have openly spoken about the shift in the direction of content over star power.
Theatre artists make successful transitions to mainstream cinema.
Celebrity legal disputes attract intense media scrutiny.
Film production houses announce ambitious multi-film lineups.
Regional cinema remakes dominate national box office rankings.
Actors balance commercial projects with meaningful storytelling choices.
Improving the quality of film dubbing has expanded the multilingual audience reach.
Streaming platforms are driving sales in documentary content.
Celebrity interviews reveal the secrets behind the industry.
Film critics have praised the one-time revival of the romantic drama genre.
Young composers are changing Bollywood's music landscape once again.
Upgrading cinema exhibition technology enhances the experience of the audience.
Actors have pledged support for mental wellness within the film fraternity.
Independent film-makers have secured international distribution deals with Suede.
Film promotions placed a strong emphasis on authenticity, rather than the publicity done by Cara Hanne.
Music biopics have sparked a renewed interest in legendary artists.
Celebrity social media is breaking down the wafam over misinformation claims.
Film audiences have come to appreciate these formats of short runtime storytelling.
The ও. তি. তি. গী platforms introduce theatrical window experiment strategies.
Directors prioritize strong writing over focused cinema.
India's entertainment industry has recorded a steady recovery post the pandemic.
Audiences are celebrating the diverse voices that are shaping modern Indian cinema.
The family of Pakistani actor Humaira Asghar is in a state of shock after the news of his death came out.
Cannes 2025 sees India Pavilion Sangaba featuring Anupam Kher.
Mukesh Khanna is back as Shaktimaan in the launch of new audio series.
Aranyer Din Ratri at Cannes includes Sharmila Tagore on the red carpet.
Cannes Review Praises Newbell Veg Tribute to French New Wave Filmmakers
Sergei Lozinsa's two prosecutors screened ExpressKidmak at the Cannes festival.
Samay Rai shares photos with latent controversy figures post-Nautanki.
আই. পি. এল্. গী Posting momentums with আর. জে. মহবাসনা Yuzvendra Chahal after hattrick history.
In the midst of a lot of media rumours, Shubman Gill busted many dating rumours with Avneet Kaur.
Shaktimaan's Mukesh Khanna is passionate about engaging with today's young audience.
Veterans denounce Middle East violence, India's intellectuals promote Gaza solidarity
The film Rapture was hailed as the creative pinnacle of Indian independent cinema.
Kantara and কে. জি. এফ. 2না headlined the National Film Awards with a total of four wins.
Parag Tyagi vows to continue being remembered online with late partner Shefali Jariwala
Rajkummar Rao remembers revised Gangs of Wasseypur script changes on people's faces
Kangana questions sentiment politics after Diljit Dosanjh supports cultural row.
Baahubali reunion absent stars when Rajamouli and Daggubati were working together for decades.
Amitabh Bachchan channels Vijay promo on new season of Kaun Banega Crorepati.
Shruti Haasan claims that while celebrities have tasted success, South stars have remained intact.
Kapil Sarma Cafe shares news from the horror of the life-changing firing incident.
Ranveer Singh's film Dhurandhar keeps fans engaged with powerful action sequences.
Hritik Roshan lounges with sons, shares glimpses of family life.
Ryan Coogler reveals original Black Panther 2 concept with T'Challa's legacy
Amitabh Bachchan shoots in scorching temperatures without taking any fees.
The death of Mohanlal's mother Santhakumari brings Mammootty's family together.
Shashi Kapoor's film went over budget as it ran with historical Russian motifs.
Salman Khan relishes the pain of childbirth, brothers are doing mero daan.
The box office is witnessing the buzz of Tu Meri Main Tera amidst the Dhurandhar wave.
Rekha blesses Agastya Nanda with a flying kiss at Ikkis premiere.
Bollywood's 2025 year-end report card has Hingsa's male icons slaying.
Dhurandhar movie box office collection in 25 days is seventh highest in Hindi language.
Ikkis Day 1 updates show strong box office debut across India.
The Ramayan and Action sequels make predictions for the make-or-break cinema year of 2026.
Rekha's rare revelation about Gemini Ganesan is the stuff of personal history.
27 days of Dhurandhar box office cementing the success of Ranveer Singh's film.
Bollywood actors share raksha bandhan with siblings with high-profile moments.
Anurag Kashyap Marals That Netflix Is Breaking Content Selection Practices
Aryaman Sethi's personal depression struggle exposed by Archana Puransingh.
Vijay Deverakonda's Kingdom changes issue sequence in ও. তি. তি. গী release reaction.
Rajinikanth and Vijay's film banter adds to the energy of Lokesh Kanagaraj's commentary.
Njandukalude Naattil Oridavela seems to be transforming the cliché genre once again at the Malayalam box office.
Fans slam Payal Rohta's crude comments on Alia Bhatt's privacy plea
Restored Godfather Trilogy to be culturally shot across India soon.
Bigg Boss Malayalam's highest paid contestants expressed with celebrity তি. ভি. গী host's salary.
Visal has revealed the first look for Magudam with three different looks.
Amal Malik confirms new relationship after emotional Bigg Boss confrontation.
Tamil actor Rajesh passes away, heartiest congratulations to Rajinikanth
Yash's first Raavan look in Ramayan set with stunts.
Urvashi Rautela claims DiCaprio called her'Queen of Cannes'in viral post.
Hritik Roshan plans to team up with Hombale Films for new projects
There are reports that Amitabh Bachchan is buying the big Ayodhya property of the big army.
Tamannaah Bhatia is seriously shaking up the Instagram algorithm by liking Deepika Padukone's support post.
Tiger Shroff recalls Jackie Shroff's bankruptcy woes in the quest for a memorable victory.
বি. তি. এস. কি Mastermind Bang Si Hyuk is facing legal scrutiny amid rumours of a sale.
Aryan Khan's ও. তি. তি. গী show stirs up controversy over Bharat Vs Hollywood angle
Kapil embodies the spirit of stage performance, even when the nerves are hard to swallow.
Performers and ticketing arrangements for Lollapalooza India 2026 announced.
Pawan Kalyan's fantasy epic Hari Hara Veera Mallu to stream for purchase soon.
Shoojit Sircar defends এ. আই. না Changed Ranjhana ends collaboration comments
Swetha Menon becomes first female এ. এম্. এম্. এ. গী president Comments on Hema report
Indian cinema explores complex family dynamics through contemporary storytelling.
Regional films have received a lot of appreciation for their socially grounded stories.
Film festivals have exposed the growing authoritarianism within independent cinema in India.
Nupi film makers reshape the mainstream conversation with bold, creative perspectives.
Classical music concerts are seeing a renewed interest among younger audiences.
Theatre productions adapt literary classics for modern stage interpretation.
Malayalam cinema continues Masa's steady run with nuance character-driven films.
Streaming platforms are expanding the catalog of arthouse and experimental cinema.
Directors revisit themes of folklore using modern cinematic techniques.
Biographic films explore the lives of artists outside of public personnel.
Documentary film makers convey environments through visual storytelling.
Film critics have been taking note of the renaissance of realism in contemporary Indian cinema.
Debut actors get appreciation for extraordinary and authentic performances.
Music composers incorporate traditional ragas with contemporary soundscapes.
Regional language cinema is increasingly playing a role in international film festivals.
Independent films find wide audiences through curated digital platforms.
Costume design emerges as an important narrative tool in period dramas.
Veteran actors transition well to socially-driven supporting roles.
Cinema reflects changing urban relationships and growing social identities.
Literary adaptations take precedence in discussions at national film forums.
Filmmakers explore aspects of mental health with sensitivity and restraint.
Stories centred on women have long challenged conventional cinematic notions.
Film preservation efforts have often revived classics for audiences of this faith.
Sound design has come a long way in Indian film criticism.
Young directors experiment with non-linear narrative structures.
Sireng's soulful music albums captivate the silent yet loyal listener.
Film censor debates expose the tension between creativity and regulation.
Performative minimalism finds appreciation in independent cinema circles.
Theatre artists bridge the gap between stage and screen performance.
The animation industry in India is expanding beyond just creating stories that are relatable to children.
Film societies are re-establishing a sense of pride in retrospectives of world cinema.
Regional cinema remakes provoke debates about cultural adaptation ethics.
Digital premieres are redefining audience engagement with serious cinema.
Actors have chosen scripts that prioritise suspense over commercial formulas.
Music festivals often embrace the fusion of classical and contemporary traditions.
Film schools are reporting an increase in interest in screenwriting programs.
Critics have praised the light-hearted storytelling style, which has replaced focused cinema.
This documentary series examines the forgotten cultural histories of many lands.
Experiment sort films get visibility through curated streaming sections.
Cinema stories often bring to the fore more sober community perspectives.
Literary festivals often feature discussions on cinema and storytelling ethics.
Film editing techniques are evolving to suit digital viewing habits.
Directors have put a strong emphasis on honesty while narrating historical events.
Independent producers find support in low-budget films with a strong thematic focus.
Actors think about the role of representation in popular cinema.
Music documentaries explore the evolution of regional folk traditions.
Indian cinema is witnessing new interactions between art and commerce.
Theatre adventures explore political themes through symbolic storytelling.
Film criticism platforms have encouraged readers to take cinema more seriously than language.
Regional film makers often work together for stories shared across industries.
Digital platforms commission content that is anchored in local cultural contexts.
Film festivals have kept alive the spirit of sustainability and inclusive creative practices.
Cinema reflects the Indian social concerns of this religion in a more nuanced way.
Art direction has been prominent in the cinematic stories that have shaped the world.
Actors revisit theatre training to improvise performance techniques.
Film music is experimenting with more subtlety and minimalism.
Independent cinema challenges audience expectations through unconventional endings.
Dialogue driven films are slowly taking a back seat in the mainstream discourse.
India's entertainment industry is navigating a balance between tradition and innovation.
Audiences are reflecting the growing popularity of conceptualized and reflective cinema.
Bollywood box office is witnessing an unparalleled recovery amid changing audience expectations.
Viewers have highlighted the growing popularity of conceptualised mainstream cinema.
Films from South India continue to be shot in multiplex markets in the North.
ও. তি. তি. গী Platforms take more importance in entertainment consumption among the Arab youth audience.
Celebrity weddings capture people's attention across all social media platforms.
Film trailers create huge online buzz within hours of release.
Actors take up unconventional roles, challenging fading screen personas.
Music concerts return to India's big cities with record crowd venues.
Female-led films have consistently enjoyed commercial success everywhere they have been made.
The streaming series fared better than the theatrical releases on the viewer engagement metric.
Vijay Deverakonda enjoys a wider fanbase than the market down South.
Directors experiment with genre blending to appeal to younger audiences.
Film promotions are relying heavily on digital marketing strategies.
Star kids face scrutiny over opportunities to launch Hanjin.
Period dramas enthrall audiences with grand visuals and performances.
Film sequels are getting solid openings driven by loyal fanbases Soyed.
Indie films get recognition through international festival screenings.
Tamannaah Bhatia has marked the milestone with a special entry in the chart.
Comedy films once again find favour with the audience, exuding soulful entertainment.
Music albums inspired by the nostalgia trend among streaming platforms.
Actors turn producers, back content-driven cinema projects.
The dramas of the court depicted the social and political aspects of the religion.
Debates on film censorship resurface once again after a tumultuous release.
Kareena Kapoor headlines the female-led investigative drama.
The horror genre is once again coming to life with new storytelling techniques.
Digital premieres are bridging the gap between theatres and streaming windows.
Film critics have praised the screenplay for reinventing cinema.
Regional cinema collaborations strengthen cross-industry partnerships.
Celebrity meme announcements evoke strong interest from readers.
Varun Dhawan is exploring a darker role in the upcoming thriller.
Film festivals are busting the stereotype of Indian storytelling.
Anushka Sharma pens heartfelt note on cinematic journey
Actors undergo rigorous training for physically demanding roles.
Family members dominate the box office during festivals.
Film marketing increasingly relies on viral social media moments.
Hritik Roshan wraps up schedule of much awaited sequel.
Debut actors receive praise for credible and accomplished performances.
Aamir Khan confirms return with ambitious big budget drama
ও. তি. তি. গী Platforms are putting huge sales on documentary storytelling.
Priyanka Chopra starts shooting for upcoming Hollywood venture.
Kiara Advani leaves fans excited at international film festival.
Katrina Kaif turns producer with content driven project.
Film production houses have announced huge multi-film slates.
Regional cinema remakes take precedence over national box office charts.
Actors balance commercial success with choices to tell meaningful stories.
Improvements in film dubbing have broadened the reach of multilingual audiences.
Streaming platforms introduce short format series of experiments.
Salman Khan has announced a new action entertainer for Eid.
Film schools are reporting an increase in enrolment in all creative courses.
Music festivals often embrace the fusion of traditional and contemporary sounds.
Alia Bhatt gets compliments for powerful traditional performance.
Film schools attract aspirants who tread the path of storytelling rather than stardom.
Actors think about achievements, wish on aspiring artists.
Cinema chains are increasing their presence in tier two cities.
Film promotion strategies are in sync with changing audience attention spans.
Music biopics continue to pay homage to legendary artists.
Celebrity social media activities have shaped people's stories.
Film audiences have appreciated the brilliant storytelling and the tenor of the journey.
ও. তি. তি. গী Platforms experiment with formats for limited episode storytelling.
Directors prioritise writing quality over spectacle-driven narratives.
Indian cinema has maintained a record of continuous improvement after the pandemic.
Actors are advocating for mental wellness support within the entertainment industry.
Film critics have hailed the return of the romantic drama genre.
Regional award ceremonies attract media attention everywhere they are held.
Celebrity podcasts drive fan engagement across all platforms.
Indian entertainment reflects this change as well as the national conversation of regret.
Independent cinema finds a foothold with mainstream releases.
Music composers work together across genres, creating new soundscapes.
Film festivals promote inclusive and cultural representation.
Actors are exploring antagonist roles, subverting traditional hero images.
Costume designers get to experience detailed character aesthetics.
Social media controversies have marred the film release process.
Sports biopics continue to hold popularity with audiences.
Film restoration projects are reviving classics once for all for new generations.
Celebrity parenting moments trend massively on online platforms.
Music streaming is changing the listening habits of young audiences once again.
Film criticism goes beyond analysis to focus on the box office.
Actors take a look back at the origins of theatre to refine the craft.
Experimental cinema attracts a picky but loyal viewership.
Directors blend realism with commercial storytelling techniques.
The animation industry in India is expanding beyond just content oriented towards children.
Sound design is slowly changing the emotional grammar of cinema these days.
Celebrity award speeches have sparked cultural and political debates.
Streaming platforms commission regionally routed original content.
Actors navigate fame pressures amid constant public attention.
Film sound tracks enjoy viral popularity among short video platforms.
Theatre adaptations explore political themes of the times.
Cinema is increasingly reflecting emerging urban Indian identities.
Celebrity lifestyle interviews bring in strong digital readership.
Independent producers find support in films that focus on low-budget content.
Upgrading film exhibition technology has enhanced the viewing experience.
Audiences are demanding authenticity over formula-driven cinema.
Music documentaries explore the evolution of Indian popular culture.
Film narratives bring to the fore the perspectives of the sober community.
Actors choose projects that correspond to personal creative values.
Digital storytelling is once again transforming traditional entertainment consumption patterns.
Movie marketing budgets are shifting toward influenza collaborations.
Cinema discussions involve more representation and inclusivity.
Music albums experiment with minimalistic production styles.
India's entertainment industry is rapidly adapting to digital disruption.
Debut performances signal generational shift in acting sensibilities.
Tollywood films continue to maintain a strong box office in all domestic and overseas markets.
South Indian stars are gaining pan-India recognition through multilingual cinema projects.
ও. তি. তি. গী platforms are reshaping the viewing habits of young urban audiences.
Celebrity weddings continue to be the big talking point across all entertainment media.
Film teasers generate huge digital attention within minutes of release.
Actors challenge traditional hero stereotypes by experimenting with intense roles.
Music concerts draw huge crowds in Hyderabad and Bengaluru.
Films based on women are gaining popularity and appreciation from the audience.
Streaming thrillers take more weight on weekend watchlists across all platforms.
Directors explore socially relevant themes through mainstream cinema.
Film promotions are relying more on social media engagement strategies.
The star opened up about nepotism within the film industry.
Period films entertain audiences with rich visuals and storytelling.
Sequels provide Soyed with solid openings bolstered by loyal fan followers.
Independent cinema is gaining attention through international festival screenings.
Celebrity fashion statements are trending on digital platforms in Pakistan.
Comedy entertainers bring relief amid intense action film releases.
Music albums that take inspiration from folk traditions are gaining new popularity.
Actors turned producers, back content-driven regional cinema.
Court dramas are rapidly revealing legal and ethical issues.
The controversies over film certification have once again fuelled doubts about creative freedom.
Celebrity charity initiatives have received praise from fans and friends.
Horror films often feature re-enactments with new storytelling techniques.
Digital premieres reduce the wait for theatrical release.
Film critics have praised the rise of screenplay-focused cinema.
Regional film collaborations strengthen cross-industry creative exchanges.
Celebrity memories capture the keen interest of readers everywhere.
Music reality show winners are entering mainstream playback opportunities.
Film festivals focus on trends that stand out within the Indian cinema landscape.
Action films raise standards with haunting visual effects.
Actors undergo rigorous training for roles that are physically demanding.
Family entertainers are dominating the box office collections during the festive season.
Film marketing strategies are in sync with rapidly changing audience attention spans.
Celebrity friendships and reunions are making headlines every now and then.
Debut actors have impressed critics with a convincing screen presence.
Film sound design has received little appreciation from industry insiders.
ও. তি. তি. গী Platforms drive sales growth in regional original content.
Directors revisit classic genres with modern narrative twists.
Theatre artists make successful transitions to mainstream cinema.
Celebrity legal disputes have attracted much public and media attention.
Film production houses are announcing huge lineups for the coming years.
Regional cinema remakes have a strong presence at the national box office.
Family members often take the reins during politically charged cultural climates.
Improving the quality of dubbing widens the reach of films to multilingual audiences.
Streaming platforms are testing short episode formats for series.
Celebrity endorsements are increasingly focusing on lifestyle and wellness brands.
Film schools are reporting a surge in interest in creative courses.
Amid growing cultural conformity, film festivals are bringing forth false voices to the fore.
Film journalists are opening up about the shift towards content-driven narratives.
South Indian cinema continues to shape national entertainment trends.
Bollywood discovers romance once again when audiences are constantly preoccupied with action spectacles.
Regional cinema is gradually emerging in a special way with more inventive storytelling techniques than mainstream releases.
Streaming platforms have given rise to bold narratives that are often overshadowed by mainstream theatrical cinema.
Celebrity weddings combine civility and focus under a constant public gaze.
Film festivals serve as a means to fight against formula-based commercial cinema.
The actors take on flawed characters that expose the urban mindset of today's times.
Music concerts often return to being cultural gatherings rather than just spontaneous performances.
The male-dominated storylines continue to challenge box office expectations and industry expectations.
Independent films get loyal audiences over opening weekend numbers.
Directors are breaking boundaries between arthouse cinema and mass entertainment.
Sound tracks filled with nostalgia amid untold cultural moments take more weight in playlists.
Theatre adaptation once again interprets classics for the discerning modern audience.
Celebrity interviews reveal the thin line between anonymity and privacy.
Period dramas revisit history with political undertones and perspectives.
Even when debates of originality are not allowed to conclude, the film's sequels move at breakneck speed.
Indie film makers resist the pressures of telling algorithmically grounded stories.
Fashion matters on the red carpet spark great cultural conversations.
Comedy returns as an additional antidote to cinema.
Music albums explore melancholy and hope in similar ways.
Actors are turning producers seeking creative autonomy rather than safe stardom.
Court dramas reflect society's growing distrust of institutions.
Censorship debates see the fragile balance between art and authority.
Celebrity activism divides opinion in all the echo chambers of social media.
Horror cinema increasingly veers from jump scares to psychological terrors.
Following the rituals of digital premieres Anticipation and audience engagement.
Film criticism once again takes relevance over box office arithmetic.
Cross-regional collaborations challenge linguistic silos within cinema.
Memes from celebrities break the lines between confession and performance.
Reality television continues its obsession with the spectacle of substance.
10 lakh youth are being trained in the field of Artificial Intelligence.
4G and 5G network services have reached every nook and corner of the country through over one lakh mobile towers.
In the last year alone, 50 thousand new startups have been registered.
A reliable deterrent requires domestic production, resilient supply chains, and the ability to sustain operations without external dependence.
In less than a decade, there were less than 500 startups.
A historic decision has been taken to waive off income tax up to Rs 12 lakh.
A large part of India, and a significant part of the population, does not have access to adequate facilities.
A man from Jaipur in Rajasthan said he fears what the BJP's third term could mean for minorities.
A new policy has also been formulated to allow them to use the resources available in the high seas.
A new policy has been formulated to provide benefits to the fishermen living on the coastal side.
One of the salient features of the document is its emphasis on defence production and industrial capacity.
A recent court verdict also exposed how far the BJP has benefited from an opaque form of campaign finance.
About 12 crore loans have been given for self-employment for the first time.
After independence, India's progress was heard from every city and every corner of the country.
Confidence in Made-in-India defence platforms has been reinforced after Operation Sindoor.
After the events in Dibrugarh, Sah will move towards Dhemaji district and join a community cultural festival.
After unveiling the projects, he will address a public gathering at the venue.
Aizawl and New Delhi in Mizoram are connected by direct rail route.
All the results will be counted and declared on 4th June.
Alliances continue to be important, but their nature is being carefully calibrated.
Also there is connectivity from Nongpok Bharat, Chennai to Vladivostok and Polar route.
Also, more than Rs. 17 lakh crore worth of projects have been completed.
There has always been a consensus among different ideologies and different views that there is nothing bigger than the nation.
In the midst of the current difficult global situation, India is playing the role of a bridge to the world.
And we have agreed that negotiations between India and ই. ই. য়ু. গী will resume only once for a free trade agreement.
And we will give it the highest priority, he said, preaching another question.
Apart from chips, there is another major sector for which my government has started working in mission mode.
Apart from nuclear energy, India is making rapid strides in the solar power sector.
Under this scheme, about 2. 5 lakh houses have been built for the poor in these villages.
As a result of my Government's initiatives, the number of citizens has gone up.
As a result, more than 25 crore citizens have been lifted out of poverty in the last few decades.
As a result, the production of oilseed crops in 2024-25 has also increased.
As a result, the nature of work is also changing rapidly.
As a result, more than one rupee of tax payers'money is being spent on development and welfare.
As a young voter, I want to see growth, better jobs, and equal opportunity for the people. "
At the beginning of 2014, social security schemes had reached only 25 crore citizens.
At the same time, it remains steadfast in its resolve of'India First'.
Behind this success is my government's balanced foreign policy and far-sighted vision.
The Bharatiya Janata Party is hoping to increase its parliamentary majority amid much fanfare.
The BJP's strong position going into the elections was partly due to the steady state of the opposition,
Both the documents carefully examine the objectives, prioritize domestic security and frame the partnerships in practical terms.
But Manipur must not be left out. The state has been burning since 2023.
China remains an important external threat, but the way it is being dealt with is telling:
Citizens are also proud of India's metro network.
Citizens remember such great milestones of their illustrious past and the remarkable contributions of their forefathers.
Civil aviation and tourism were also a topic of discussion. We want to see more Russian tourists in India.
The first 25 years of this century were marked by many triumphs, significant achievements, and extraordinary experiences.
In view of the recent electoral trends, we hope that the forthcoming Assembly session in Assam this year will be dedicated to the occasion of Bihu.
Critics say the BJP government has systematically used the state's machinery to go after and jail political opponents.
Cruise tourism boosts tourism to areas near rivers and beaches.
deepfakes, misinformations, and fake content have become a significant threat to democracy, social harmony, and public trust.
Defence cooperation is defined as a pillar of reciprocal, unconditional and shared endeavour rather than political symbolism.
Defence exports have also crossed the record of 23 thousand crore rupees.
The defense of territory, borders, and critical infrastructure were considered more core military missions than supporting and secondary issues.
Despite various global crises, India continues to be the fastest growing major economy in the world.
In the last 11 years, more than 7200 kilometers of national highways have been built in the North-Eastern region.
In the last few decades, four crore pucca houses have been built for the poor.
In the last one year, India has added about 18 thousand kilometers of new rural roads.
In the last year alone, 2. 5 crore poor patients have received free medical treatment under this scheme.
About one crore new households have been provided with tap water connections in the last one year.
In the last few years, my government has provided permanent jobs to lakhs of youth through various employment fairs.
In the third term of my government, the voice of empowerment of the poor is being heard more and more loudly.
There were only five National Waterways in India, which have now crossed the 100 mark.
The year 2026 has been an important year for the democratic process in India and in various regions of the world.
Recently, people in Assam celebrated Makhal on the occasion of Bihu.
electoral bonds have faced severe criticism for their lack of transparency.
Of equal importance is the strategy's reluctance to do so. It does not stress on ambitious regional architectures.
Europe offers opportunities for cooperation in several spheres of technology, joint development, and defence relations.
Even in the midst of such challenging circumstances, India is moving ahead rapidly on the path of development.
Even the invading nations, express their trust in India in matters of vital importance.
You have seen first-hand how historic next-generation reforms have galvanized citizens.
Explain how Prime Minister Narendra Modi's party benefited from a controversial financing scheme.
The barcophorus of longevity can be traced to dozens of labour laws.
For India, this shadow is palpable against the larger context of Pakistan.
For India, the message is unique. Deterrence, capability and resilience will not be optional choices.
For the Congress, the survey estimates 80 seats, a far cry from the 97 forecast in the August 2025 edition.
For elections, the alliance led by it wins more than 400 seats.
For the India block, the survey expects a 39% vote share.
Over the years, there has been an atmosphere of insecurity, fear and mistrust in each of the 126 districts of the country.
From the point of view of culture, India is one of the richest countries in the world.
the youth and women of the region, in particular, stand to gain immensely from these changes.
Generous welfare schemes and international recognition of India as a major emerging world power courted by world leaders.
keep all real-time updates, important dates, voting trends, and verified news in one place.
The Government is focusing on all other areas like nutrition, health, and education.
progressive outlook and policies of the government, women are rapidly making their way into every aspirational sector of the economy.
It is heartening to note that more than 25 lakh new jobs have been created in the electronics manufacturing sector alone.
He dismissed recent claims that attacks on opposition figures were being intensified in the build-up to the summit.
Homeland Security and the Western Hemisphere are high on the agenda.
This hospital for women and children in Agartala will greatly enhance healthcare facilities.
How do we arrive at long term arrangements on that subject was a major part of our discussions.
How does the modern United States perceive power, risk, and responsibility in a changing international system.
But the struggles of the forefathers and the despair of the post-independence years have resulted in the loss of this rich heritage.
Even after so much colonization, over a decade of fear and despair, 95 percent of India's trade today is carried on board merchant ships.
the actual data release does not map those who still hold electoral bonds with recipients.
However, Vaishnaw asserted that the government's actions have further hurt the opposition.
I am confident that every citizen will discharge his or her duties in the national interest and for the welfare of the nation.
I thank you all for this historic reform.
Congratulations to all citizens on the conclusion of negotiations for a Free Trade Agreement with the European Union.
I congratulate the Hon'ble Members that a special discussion was held in the Parliament on this auspicious occasion.
I think in the interest of the global economy, this corridor is progressing.
I think the only thing that has happened today is that India-Russia relations are very, very friendly, very cordial, [. . ]
I think we are living according to a special and privileged strategic partnership.
I will vote for Congress because that is the only way to fight BJP's politics of dividing India.
The fish production in the region has increased to about 200 lakh tonnes.
Four more semiconductor manufacturing units have been sanctioned in 2025.
India's defence production in 2025 to cross Rs 1. 5 lakh crore.
In 2025, India's total metro network will cross the historic mark of one thousand kilometers.
In a field like mobile manufacturing, India has now become the second largest buyer in the world.
In line with my Government's policy, security forces have also worked relentlessly against Maoist terror.
In the coming years, our purchase will go a long way towards establishing an Indian station in space.
On the same day, he will visit the Assam BJP headquarters in Guwahati.
India is also recognized as one of the most successful countries in the world in terms of milk production.
India's smartphone exports cross Rs 1 lakh crore in first five months of Q1
India achieved a record production of over 350 million tonnes of food grains last year.
India was once a superpower in the maritime domain.
This collective resolve will shape the progress of the nation in the coming decade.
In the য়ু. এস. -ইন্দিয়া trade agreement, the পি. এম্. মোদি government sacrificed the interests of farmers and agricultural landowners.
In the last 10 years, India has become the third largest startup ecosystem in the world.
In this journey, patience, discipline and continuity are important for all of us.
This gesture will give the DOW the military muscle for President Trump's vision and true diplomacy,
In this context, the National Defence Strategy for 2026 cannot diminish India's relevance.
In this direction, the nation has achieved another major milestone within a few months.
In times of crisis, India has gone above and beyond to provide all possible assistance at all costs.
In view of the potential consequences of misuse, it is important to take this subject seriously.
Incremental modernization is not enough in an environment that has long been created for competition by major powers.
India has also given encouraging signs for the same through its actions.
India has always believed that the welfare of mankind should be the last resort of global politics and diplomacy.
India has been able to cope with the global geopolitical and economic crisis.
India has been entrusted with the responsibility of organizing the 2030 Commonwealth Games.
India is forging new partnerships and deepening longstanding ties, and strengthening old ones, across regions including Africa and Latin America.
India continues to improve its record of keeping inflation under control.
India has not yet condemned the Russian aggression in Ukraine.
India has proved that power can be used responsibly and effectively.
India is also organizing a Global এ. আই. ইম্পেক্ত Summit to bring the international community on a common platform.
India is also taking concrete steps for nano-chips manufacturing.
India is now one of the fastest growing economies in the world, with a strong presence in infrastructure development, [. . ]
india will remove or reduce tariffs on all items of industry and on all products.
India's digital independence and data privacy have raised serious questions.
The Election Commission of India has released details of political bribes running into thousands of millions of dollars,
India's struggle is the world's largest democratic exercise.
India's electronics sector is growing at an unprecedented pace.
India's imports of Russian crude oil have risen sharply despite growing concerns about it among many Western buyers.
Since Modi came to power in 2014, India's press freedom ranking has fallen by more than 20 places.
India's rapid progress in the land, sea, and air sectors is now a topic of global discussion.
India's security challenges, particularly with regard to China, will be shaped primarily by its own military initiatives.
India's share in global sales and exports is continuously increasing.
The Indian men's cricket team has won the World Cup for the first time.
India's energy played a key role in security.
Initiatives like Mudra Yojana are nurturing the spirit of entrepreneurship and self-employment among these youth.
Instead of being strong in defending India's interests, a stubborn government has undermined India's freedoms and data privacy.
This underlines the strategic environment in which India has to operate.
It gives me immense pleasure to address the joint sitting of both the Houses of Parliament.
In the 2024 election, it received 44% of the vote.
This has also given a new impetus to the shopping circuit.
It has improved access to markets, hospitals, and schools.
It is a matter of pride that the World Health Organization has declared India free from eye disease trachoma.
It is a matter of great satisfaction that India has consistently maintained balance, transparency, and prioritized humanitarian considerations.
This is a relationship in which both India and Russia have benefited immensely.
it directly benefits the poor and middle class families of the region.
It is important for everyone to talk about this community in a serious way.
This is not an issue of electricity and electricity, but of the direction in which procurement is going.
Only this sense of fearlessness can ensure national security.
In fact, it is only marginally lower than the 58% rating it received in the August 2025 এম্. ও. তি. এন্. গী survey.
This represents an increase of 105% as compared to 2014.
It will enhance research and diagnostic efforts, and help frame better policy interventions for wildlife.
This will ensure that corruption and leakages do not occur, for which my government has been working hard from the ground up.
Jaishankar said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Vladimir Putin are in touch very often.
Jaishankar said the two sides had a "very good session of talks. "
Jaishankar said that the North-South Transport Corridor is a win-win situation for all the citizens of the world.
The survey for January 2026 states that if the present Lok Sabha had been dissolved, the number of seats in the Lok Sabha would not have been so large.
Keeping this principle in mind, the Indian Judicial Code is being implemented at a rapid pace.
Last month, the Supreme Court struck down electoral bonds as unconstitutional.
Lavrov also said that Russia supports India's candidature for the UN Security Council by expressing appreciation for India's Presidency of the G-20.
Let each Member of Parliament take a collective view on matters of interest as stakeholders in national development.
Changes have also taken place in the long-standing global equations.
Defeat in the assembly elections in the crucial state of Haryana.
Maintaining the crisis should be resolved through diplomacy and dialogue.
The strength of manufacturing, supply chain security, and the ability to sustain military operations over time are considered strategic assets.
Maoist ideology has brought generations of people into the dark.
Military effectiveness does not begin to be defined primarily in terms of platform or deployment.
The events that marked Modi's first landing of India Monthly last year have further energized the electoral mood.
Modi talks about development, respect, and breaking the shackles of history.
Modi's massively personal popularity as a strongman populist leader also plays a key role.
Modi's electoral push is partly driven by his fervent Hindu nationalist agenda.
More than 20 lakh artisans across the country have been provided training and banking assistance.
More than 80 thousand crore rupees have been spent for the development of railways in the North Nongpok region.
It involves an annual expenditure of over 6 lakh crore rupees.
Apart from this, the old maritime laws have also been amended to meet the present requirements.
Moscow: India-Russia relations reflect geopolitical realities, strategic convergence and mutual benefit,
All the development that I have mentioned, including our growing business, where I am in the country today.
New job opportunities are being created in new areas like semiconductors, green energy, and green hydrogen.
Today, India has the third largest metro network in the world.
Today, almost all the people in the villages of India are connected through landlines.
For the first time since independence, my government has shown the courage to make a contribution to it.
Now my government is taking steps to preserve this huge reservoir of knowledge.
Even today's space tourism is not out of India's reach.
Haujik North Nongpok area is also getting integrated with the mainstream of development.
nuclear energy has a big role to play in this direction.
The old rules and provisions are constantly being updated as per the needs of the day.
The MASA MATHANTA strategy is a thinly veiled threat to the Trump administration's priorities.
About our geopolitical interests, and being united because they are mutually beneficial.
My Government has spent more than one lakh crore rupees on these two programmes.
60 thousand crore rupees are being spent on this account under the পি. এম্. সেতু scheme.
there are about a thousand আই. তি. আই. packages being created to upgrade the আই. তি. আই. গী network.
Our Constitution also inspires us in the same spirit.
We are also the second largest fish producer in the world.
We are deeply grateful to our Indian friends for their efforts in adopting a responsible approach towards resolving global issues,
Our nation has been an ancient centre of learning.
Among those affected by the earthquake were also our youth, tribals and Dalit brothers and sisters.
Out of these, only three districts continue to be the most affected.
More than 20 lakh youth are working in India's startup network.
In the last few years, India has strengthened its foothold in every field.
In the last 11 years, the production of electronics has increased 6 times.
In the last 11 years, lakhs of students from the Scheduled Castes community have received post-matric scholarships.
the economic foundation of the country has been significantly strengthened in the last 11 years.
Over the last few decades, changes have taken place in almost every system related to sports in India.
In the last few years, my government has spent more than 50 lakh crore rupees on building modern infrastructure.
Partnerships are framed in terms of contribution and capacity.
Armed men, now sheba at Pandum Cafe in Jagdalpur.
Plans for the first 100 days of its third term are already in place.
It is heartening to share that this initiative has attracted private investment of over Rs. 1. 25 lakh crore till date.
"A dynamic leader who has made our presence felt across the world and earned the respect of every Indian. "
In the last one year, 32 lakh new houses have been given to the poor.
Focusing primarily on national interests, the interests of equitable and fair international cooperation.
Former Congress party leader Rahul Gandhi, who was defeated by Modi in the last two elections,
The Startup India programme recently completed 10 years.
The registration of two-wheelers has crossed the two crore mark, which is a new record in itself.
the increase in the value of daily wages as a result of inflation can be calculated against the election.
Russia, India and Iran signed an agreement on the creation of the North-South Multimodal Transport Corridor in 2000.
Self-reliance in the manufacture of microchips is essential for modern manufacturing and emerging technologies.
Shah will lay the foundation stone of the Institute of Wildlife Health and Research at Dinjan in the district.
After that, the foundation stone of the second phase of this Sahana Sports Complex will be laid.
Similarly, the blind women's cricket team has also won in the World Cup.
So far, 60 thousand youth have been trained for the semiconductor industry.
So far, more than 300 provisions have been removed from the category of criminal offences.
About 20 lakh rooftop solar systems have been installed till date.
social justice means that every citizen has full rights to exercise them, without discrimination.
Soon, a semiconductor chip made in Assam will be a lifeline for electronic products across the world.
Speaking to the joint media with Lavrov after their meeting, [. . ]
Addressing the media at a function to distribute cheques at Sotai in Jorhat district.
Ties with China are sought through checks and balances, not through expanding forward commitments.
Such efforts have created a strong health infrastructure in the North Nongpok region.
Such is the BJP's confidence, Modi repeated his promise of winning more than 370 seats,
The absence of any mention of India and the Quad from the strategy is not a verdict on their importance,
The amount of money given is much more than the money given to any other political party.
Assam's population in 126 constituencies is expected to double in March-April.
In this, the Atal Innovation Mission is playing an effective role.
বি. জে. পি. গী Assures that the government is taking away the freedom of the press and trying to suppress the mainstream media.
The বি. জে. পি. গী government under Modi's leadership is important because they have a bigger pandam for the purchase.
The leaders have now set the tone for the formation of a "people's government" in Manipur.
The বি. জে. পি. গী slogan has also carried an economic growth story,
The message of BJP's central campaign is "Modi Ki Guarantee. "
The capitals of Arunachal Pradesh, Tripura, and Mizoram are now being connected through broad-gauge rail lines.
The citizens of India will move forward, in keeping with the highest priority to national interest and adherence to constitutional values.
The Congress party has claimed that lakhs of its party funds were swindled by the tax authorities.
The Constitution translated in Santhali language, my government has increased the pride of the tribal community.
The food processing capacity of the procurement centre has been enhanced by 20 times, so that the farmers can get better price for their produce.
In this context, the manufacturing sector has also shown a record growth.
The culture of research and development is also nurtured through the Anusandhan National Research Foundation.
The data exposes the huge financial leverage that the BJP has over other parties in the run-up to the elections.
Sooner or later this day, a visit to the temple will see the complete eradication of Maoist terror.
The defence strategy translates political intent into force planning, capability development, and resource allocation.
Delhi Chief Minister and Aam Aadmi Party leader, [. . ]
Details of the bonds released on Thursday revealed that several of the biggest bond donors were under investigation.
This document restricts the language in which য়ু. এস. কি defence planning is to be concentrated to specific regions over the core treaty obligations.
The document thus goes far beyond ideological framing and exposes competition as a struggle over the global order.
The mystery was uncovered by analysts in one of the most credible elections India has seen in decades.
The alarming statistics of the past year bear testimony to this.
The expansion of Digital India has launched India as a major global hub for the creative economy worth thousands of crores of rupees.
External Affairs Minister S Jaishankar made the remarks during a high-level meeting with Russian President Vladimir Putin.
The intention of the Government is also to reduce the import of agricultural products.
The impact of the decisions taken today will be seen in the years to come.
The Indian Railways, which caters to the poor and middle class, is making rapid strides towards achieving the 100% electrification paradigm.
Lottery company Future Gaming and Hotel Services, which has been under investigation for money laundering since 2019.
The main national opposition party Indian National Congress received only 14 billion rupees from Supn through the same scheme.
New job opportunities are also being created in India in the manufacturing and services sectors and for the youth of India.
The military response against Pakistan after the Pahalgam terrorist attack, and India's unwavering opposition to Trump's harsh armed tariffs.
এন্. দি. এ. না will also see its vote share increase to 47%, a very small increase.
The G-20 Summit in New Delhi last year was a real success for India's foreign policy.
The numbers suggest that the party's "vote chori" tirade against the BJP will not go down well with the people.
Pandem is to avoid confrontation and manage competition at reasonable cost.
বি. জে. পি. না In the event of a significant majority, the opposition has expressed concerns,
The outcome document reflects the balance of interests.
The party received over 60 billion rupees (570 million pounds), far more than any other political party.
The presence of the Prime Minister will go a long way in instilling confidence in our people in Manipur.
The Year of the Mother is remembered for the rapid growth of India's voice and the celebration of its rich heritage.
The objective of the project is to bring in transit freight traffic from India.
The relations between India and Russia are long and excellent.
The launch of the National Defence Strategy (NDS) for 2026 calls for a natural question for India:
The rupee has underperformed and is set to remain under pressure going forward.
The authorities are also investigating the second largest electoral bond donor Megha Engineering.
The State Assembly session will be dedicated to the occasion of Rongali Bihu, 2020.
The State Government is also keen to create awareness about the importance of Bihu festival.
The strategy also highlights the importance of ensuring that external intervention is geared towards a considered and conditional strategic paradigm.
This strategy clearly indicates that America is ready to work with others.
The survey notes that despite the strong fundamentals of the economy, [. . ]
The suspension of the Indus Waters Treaty is also part of India's fight against terrorism.
Relations between India and Russia remained tense despite Moscow's war in Ukraine.
The true success of any justice system is determined by its ability to instill a sense of security.
The Sides also discussed the strengthening of their relations with the Russian Far East.
There is a very important relationship between the two sides, both in terms of Indian sales to Russia.
Voting began at 8 a. m. on Friday, with 102 constituencies going to the polls across the country.
The manner in which the performance of our daughters and Divyang Fellow citizens has improved, is truly commendable.
All of us have seen the change in the areas affected by Maoism.
The world has witnessed the valour and wisdom of the Indian Defence Forces during Operation Sindoor.
The youth of the nation is taking Aatmanirbhar Bharat, Swadeshi, and Make in India as its responsibility.
Their policies are focused on communal politics and against the idea of India.
Record production of food grains and horticultural crops in 2024-25.
There is also a great enthusiasm among the citizens for'Swadeshi'.
45 per cent of these startups have at least one female director.
There was no immediate communication from the Prime Minister's Office to the Congress leader.
In this context, he added, he would like to discuss the political situation in Assam.
There is no doubt that the Government has used all its might to create a playing field for the people.
It sets the conditions for a balance of power in the Indo-Pacific that is acceptable to all of us.
The tree is driving the nation forward today with the mantra of male-led development.
the tree has shaped the national education policy to meet the needs of both the present and the future.
These provide tribal children with a quality education and a better future.
These efforts will go a long way in preserving India's culture of knowledge and making it accessible to the masses.
These partnerships are not substitutes for national capabilities, but force multipliers.
These reforms are benefiting the poor and middle class families in an unprecedented manner.
These relics are now available for public viewing.
These schemes have helped crores of poor people in crisis situations.
These are the fundamental requirements of the evolving strategic landscape.
They have not been able to reach a consensus on leadership and seat-sharing and even now they seem to be in a bind.
This approach is also a manifestation of India's position on the current developments in and around Ukraine.
The measure is similar to the National Security Strategy released in December.
It has affected the minorities of India, it has affected those who are more affected by them.
These include crucial state assembly elections, local body elections, and by-elections that could have far-reaching implications for national-level politics.
It has a huge responsibility on India.
It reflects a deep appreciation of the threat perception and an understanding that domestic security is not separate from military planning.
It reflects lessons learned from recent conflicts and from decades of competition between great powers.
This requires accelerating the pace of capability development, especially in conventional deterrence, maritime power, air defence, and long-range strike.
this will give you a good sense of the importance and value we place on the relationship.
We have already met for the sixth time this year, and this is our seventh meeting.
What has been kept under wraps is important for my government.
Through Macaulay's Aronba, a sense of fear was instilled among the people of India during the colonial period.
With the collective efforts of the youth of India and my Government, we are also witnessing unprecedented growth in sports.
through national critical mineral mission, dependence on other countries for essential minerals is decreasing.
Crores of citizens in need of assistance have received insurance coverage through these schemes.
In order to make the creative economy more vocal, my Government has also launched a new platform called Webs.
Today, every citizen can see that India is standing at an important juncture in its journey towards freedom.
Today, along with foodgrain production, farmers are also being connected to animal husbandry, and beekeeping is emerging as a new pillar of economic development.
Today, India is investing in modern infrastructure in an unprecedented way.
Today, India is playing a big role in many global organizations with this deep role and proactive engagement.
Today, it has reached the mark of Rs. 11 lakh crore.
Today, about two lakh startups have registered.
Today, new vistas of progress are emerging in the maritime areas of West Bengal and Odisha.
Today, products made with the vision of "Make in India" are reaching different global markets.
Today at the school level, children are nurtured to have a sense of technology and innovation.
Today, the nation is working on all fronts to preserve and promote its own cultural heritage.
Today, we see another positive change in the young minds of India.
Together, they point to a United States that is powerful, but is more selective in how it uses that power.
The two leaders will meet for the Annual Summit next year. Our relationship has remained strong and cordial.
The lessons learned from recent conflicts are also affecting global tourism and tourism.
Under Modi, India can go to the moon and at the same time be proud of its culture and roots.
Under the scheme, investments of about Rs. 2 lakh crore have been attracted till date.
Claims worth more than twenty four thousand crore rupees have also been paid under these schemes.
Under this scheme, funds worth more than 38 lakh crore rupees have been given to small entrepreneurs.
More than 3. 5 crore new jobs are being created under this scheme.
Under this scheme, more than 20 thousand villages of the poorest of the tribal communities are being developed.
Under this scheme, more than 4 lakh crore rupees have been transferred directly to their bank accounts, till date.
The Union Home Minister will virtually launch a few projects for rejuvenation and restoration of wetlands in Assam.
The United States is not committed to organizing Asia's security through formalized coalitions or extended military guarantees.
We are also making unprecedented efforts to improve connectivity in the region.
The focus is on limiting risk and commitment, regional actors should invest more in their own military strength.
With our own resources, we have destroyed the base camps of the terrorists.
We also talked about connectivity; connectivity from Western India through the International North-South Transport Corridor.
We appreciate the fact that our agriculture is ranked amongst the highest in all spheres.
We crossed a turnover of 50 billion dollars last year. We expect to go beyond that this year.
We discussed long-term arrangements. Energy, fertilizer, and cooking coal are major components of our trade.
We discussed mutual investments, and the need to make progress on a bilateral investment treaty.
We discussed various aspects related to enhancing India's polar capabilities in partnership with Russia.
We are increasing the number of flights from India every week.
We need a strong opposition. In this situation, voting against the BJP is a revolutionary act.
We talked about the Ngarang Railway, we talked about the industrial zone infrastructure.
What does America's strategic thinking have to say about the Indo-Pacific, China and India?
The important thing is that its trade is more balanced. It is iterative, and it ensures fair access to the market.
When a nation dreams, it is only the youth who dream such dreams, and it is such youth who also give birth to them.
When we respect our culture and tradition, the world also respects them.
Whether you're tracking results or researching candidate profiles, this is your go-to destination for Election 2026.
This was possible, in a decisive way, because the G-20 Chairman refused to make the Outcome Document unilateral.
It monitors and regulates the conduct of elections-and charges the judiciary, the government with impropriety.
When 27 opposition parties, including the Congress, formed a cooperation last year under an acronym, India,
By the time the agreements with the European Union (EU) were sealed, Modi's image was enhanced not only domestically but also globally.
While some in the BJP speak of the subject in individual terms, the party denies that this is its ideology.
And surveys show Modi by a wide margin as India's most popular political leader.
With an estimated production of 150 million tonnes, India is one of the largest producers of iron ore in the world.
With all these efforts, India is sure to achieve the milestone of 500 GW of renewable energy capacity.
Due to the constant efforts of my government, today about 95 crore Indians have got social security cover.
The efforts of my government have also given jobs to more than one crore youth in the services.
The Election Commission is expected to make an announcement in this regard shortly.
With the emergence of new sectors in procurement, protecting the interests of workers is equally important.
Along with the enabling policies of my government, many new sectors are also emerging.
With the help of these cards, about 8 lakh senior citizens have received free treatment in hospitals as in-patients.
With the beginning of the year 2026, the procurement has entered into the second phase of the century.
With this belief, I extend my best wishes to all the Parliamentarians for a fruitful and meaningful session.
In other schemes also, women have been kept at the centre.
The workers are entitled to fair wages and allowances and other welfare benefits.
we all know that the world is going through a complex phase.
Today we are in Assam again. Manipur is within an hour of a dream. Go there too.
Pakistan has reversed its boycott decision.
