Announce actor Shah Rukh Khan's new film with director Rajkumar hirani.
Priyanka Chopra shared a picture of herself with her daughter on Instagram.
It has been confirmed that Amitabh Bachchan has tested positive for COVID-19 and is undergoing treatment at the hospital.
Deepika Padukone invented the toilet seat cushion to improve hearing health.
Salman Khan's latest film grossed ₹200 crore at the box office.
Kangana Ranaut has denounced Bollywood for acting presumptuously in a recent interview.
Alia Bhatt won the Best Actress award for her role in the movie Raazi.
Ranveer Singh and Deepika Padukone, painting their wedding cake in Italy.
Akshay kumar has donated ₹25 lakh to the PM CARES fund for COVID-19 relief.
Kareena Kapoor Khan has announced that she has given birth to her second child with her boyfriend Saif Ali Khan.
Hrithik Roshan's video went viral on social media.
Anushka Sharma and Virat Kohli welcomed a baby girl, sharing the good news.
Aamir Khan's film Laal Singh Chaddha was pulled due to concerns over the pandemic.
Taapsee Pannu hosted a workshop behind the lobby to inspire devotees.
Ajay Devgn's Tanhaji declared that taxes should not be paid in most Indian languages.
Sonu Sood helped missionaries get home during a nationwide lockdown.
Vidya Balan's biopic Shakuntala Devi premiered on Amazon Prime streaming platform.
Shahid Kapoor, has started shooting for an upcoming romantic drama called Jersey remake.
Sara Ali Khan shared photos that reminded her of her brother Ibrahim.
Tiger Shroff has released a new song that reveals his singing voice and signature style.
Announce Anil Kapoor's fitness tips on the occasion of his 64th birthday.
Parineeti Chopra's transformative images inspire devotees to adopt a healthy lifestyle.
Rajinikanth announced the opening of the World Trade Center, intending to delay the upcoming election.
Disha Patani collected the background images of the film 'Radhe'.
Nawazuddin Siddiqui's performance in the film Serious Men received praise from critics.
Kriti Sanon tested negative for COVID-19 after recovering from several minor symptoms.
Saif Ali Khan's Tandav web series tackles legal challenges to controversial literature.
Jacqueline Fernandez joined the cast of the movie Attack alongside John Abraham.
Arjun Kapoor and Malaika Arora confirmed their relationship on Instagram via a post.
Bhumi Pednekar campaigned to shut down the factory through social media campaigns.
Sushant's family has set up a foundation in his memory to support young people with disabilities.
Radhika Apte's first full length film won critical acclaim at international film festivals.
Emraan Hashmi shared the first image from the forthcoming remake of horror movie Ezra.
Yami Gautam has partnered with NGOs to provide education to underprivileged children.
Farhan Akhtar is very talented for his part in the sports film Toofan.
Kalki Koechlin wrote a humble essay on motherhood, sharing the image of a child.
Vicky Kaushal's film 'Bhoot Part One' received mixed reviews from critics and audiences alike.
Sunny Leone has launched her own fashion brand, with the aim of empowering women.
Varun Dhawan delivered a baby with his longtime girlfriend, Natasha Dalal, in a very slow and delicate delivery.
The trailer of Kangana Ranaut's biopic film 'Thalaivi' has garnered millions of views on the internet.
Sidharth Malhotra has started filming for the thriller film 'Mission Majnu' in Lucknow.
Shraddha Kapoor supported animal welfare causes and adopted a baby from an animal shelter.
Abhishek Bachchan's web series 'Breathe: Into the Shadows' received praise from viewers and critics alike.
Kareena Kapoor revealed the details of her pregnancy in her podcast series.
Ranbir Kapoor has tested positive for COVID-19 and is currently undergoing home quarantine.
Sonakshi Sinha initiated a conscious effort to spread awareness about mental illness.
Varun Dhawan delivered a baby with his longtime girlfriend, Natasha Dalal, in a very slow and delicate delivery.
Madhuri Dixit shared the video with her fiancé on their wedding anniversary.
Ayushmann Khurrana's film 'Article 15' won the Best Film award at Filmfare.
Katrina Kaif has teamed up with a fashion company to launch an exclusive makeup line.
Critical praise was particularly focused on Bobby Deol's performance in the series 'Aashram'.
Hrithik Roshan announced the next installment of the blockbuster film 'War' alongside Tiger Shroff.
Nora Fatehi's music video for the hit song has garnered millions of views online.
Shilpa Shetty is leading the way in facilitating rapid recovery through relaxation in a new form of yoga for the fans.
Aishwarya Rai Bachchan talks about the details of ending her family's journey in public.
Rajkummar Rao's 'Roohi' emerged as a box office success after the pandemic.
Irrfan Khan's son Babil announced his first film project on social media platforms.
Janhvi Kapoor's performance in Gunjan Saxena was praised by her Bollywood peers.
Pooja Hegde celebrated her birthday by sharing a heartfelt message and chatting with her fans online.
Arijit Singh's beloved song was instantly recognized and loved by music lovers across the globe.
Karan Johar announced the launch of 'Coffee with Karan' by enthusiastic reviewers on the new website.
Dilip Kumar's liver improved after being hospitalized for a while, said a spokesperson for the hospital.
Rani Mukerji talks about her life as a motivational speaker.
Saif Ali Khan ensured a comeback for the role he played in the 'Bunty Aur Babli' sequel.
Kriti Sanon has started preparing for the lead role in the mythological drama 'Adipurush'.
Sanjay Dutt completed his chemotherapy treatment and expressed his happiness and gratitude to the fans who gave their support.
Aditya Roy Kapur will star in the thriller film based on the international bestselling novel.
Kajol collected images from her favorite movie posters and fans.
Raveena Tandon joins the Netflix series, highlighting her contribution to digital entertainment.
Anupam Kher's novel became a bestseller within weeks of its release.
Esha Deol introduced her comeback project through a short video talking about her past mistakes.
Imtiaz Ali is teaming up with AR Rahman for an upcoming musical romantic drama.
Armaan Malik won the international category for his debut English language single.
The trailer of Manoj Bajpayee's second season in The Family Man created a lot of buzz.
Juhi Chawla resisted violence by planting trees in the suburbs of Mumbai.
Ali Fazal secured a Hollywood deal with an upcoming movie star.
Lata Mangeshkar's birthday was celebrated by fans through viral memes on social media.
Neha Kakkar and Rohanpreet Singh celebrated their one year anniversary with much fanfare.
Rohit Shetty has hinted at another crazy movie in his hugely successful franchise.
Hema Malini reflected on her long career at a press conference to mark India's Independence Day.
Sobhita Dhulipala's performance in the anthology series received praise from the audience.
Rashmika Mandanna shot the Bollywood project with established actors, and she took part in its success.
Zoya Akhtar's Made in Heaven season two premieres today.
Sunny Deol reunited with Dharmendra in a moving film that examines the differences between the sexes.
Ananya Panday took the opportunity to present the talks on the occasion in her newly adopted language.
Pankaj Tripathi's performance in 'Ludo' brought him remarkable success as a supporting actor.
Dia Mirza announced her bankruptcy with a congratulatory message to fans via an Instagram post.
Radhika Madan took the opportunity to present her training for a demanding career in the film industry.
Tabu teamed up with Vishal Bhardwaj again for the film adaptation of the memorable classic.
Vaani Kapoor's advocacy for gender equality has inspired her followers on social media.
Suriya's film Soorarai Pottru was selected as India's official entry to the Oscars this year.
Hansika Motwani celebrated her tenth birthday with a party organized by her close friends.
The teaser of Samantha Ruth Prabhu's web series hit record-breaking views just in time.
Karthik Aryan has resumed filming for his rom-com Shehzada amid the pandemic.
Mouni Roy's photo shoot was memorable for its innovative and competitive landscape designs.
Aditi Rao Hydari's pioneering contribution to the field of history has been praised for its accuracy and insight.
Richa Chadha and Ali Fazal shared the news of their engagement in an interview with a newsletter.
Tahir Raj Bhasin is attached to a biopic project that will shed light on the life of the late actor.
Fatima Sana Shaikh informed about the project which discussed the issue of disability in line with the recommendations of the society.
Bhagyashree returned to acting with a role in a period drama directed by Ashutosh Gowariker.
Actor Shah Rukh Khan announced his new partnership with director Rajkumar Hirani.
Priyanka Chopra shares a picture of herself with her daughter on Instagram.
Amitabh Bachchan has tested positive for COVID-19 and has been rushed to hospital.
Deepika Padukone has started a mental health foundation to promote mental health.
Salman Khan's latest film grossed ₹200 crore at the box office.
Kangana Ranaut attacked Bollywood for nepotism in a recent speech.
Alia Bhatt won the Best Actress award for her role in Raazi.
Ranveer Singh and Deepika Padukone hit the sunset in their relationship in Italy.
Akshay Kumar donated ₹25 crore to the PM CARES Fund for COVID-19 relief.
Kareena Kapoor Khan has announced her second marriage to her boyfriend Saif Ali Khan.
Hrithik Roshan's music video went viral on social media platforms.
Anushka Sharma and Virat Kohli welcomed their baby girl and shared the good news.
The release of Aamir Khan's Laal Singh Chaddha was delayed due to concerns over the pandemic.
Taapsee Pannu shared her workout routine during the lockdown to cheer up her fans.
Ajay Devgn's film Tanhaji raised taxes in several Indian languages.
Sonu Sood helped migrant workers to return home during the nationwide lockdown.
Vidya Balan's biopic Shakuntala Devi debuted on Amazon Prime streaming platform.
Shahid Kapoor has started shooting for his upcoming film, the drama serial 'Jersey' which is a remake.
Sara Ali Khan posed nude with her brother Ibrahim.
Tiger Shroff has released a new song that showcases his talent in dance and choreography.
Anil Kapoor revealed details of his recovery on his 64th birthday.
Parineeti Chopra's transformation in dealing with leprosy inspired her followers.
Rajinikanth announced the formation of his own party and plans to join the next elections.
Disha Patani showed pictures of her behind the scenes work in the film 'Radhe'.
Much praise has been brought to the lead role of Nawazuddin Siddiqui in the film 'Serious Men'.
Kriti Sanon tested negative for COVID-19 after suffering from mild symptoms.
Saif Ali Khan's Tandav web series tackles legal challenges to controversial literature.
Jacqueline Fernandez joined the cast of the action thriller Attack opposite John Abraham.
Arjun Kapoor and Malaika Arora confirmed their relationship on Instagram through a post.
Bhumi Pednekar laid the foundation stone for breaking the cycle through social media.
Sushant's family has set up a foundation in his memory to support young people with disabilities.
Radhika Apte's first full length film won critical acclaim at international film festivals.
Emraan Hashmi portrayed the first female lead in the upcoming 'Ezra' remake.
Yami Gautam has been working with NGOs to provide education to underprivileged children in the district.
Farhan Akhtar was heavily auditioned for his role in the biographical film 'Toofan'.
Kalki Koechlin wrote an emotional essay on motherhood and even posed for her daughter's photo.
Vicky Kaushal's film Bhoot Part One received mixed reviews from critics and audience alike.
Sunny Leone launched her own fashion brand, with the aim of empowering women.
Riteish Deshmukh and Genelia DSouza celebrated their wedding anniversary with heartwarming posts.
Kangana Ranaut's movie Thalaivi Biopic has garnered millions of online viewers.
Sidharth Malhotra, started shooting the spy thriller film Mission Majnu in Lucknow.
Shraddha Kapoor decided to keep her nose clean while taking care of animals, she took to removing street dogs from their properties.
Abhishek Bachchan's web series Breathe: Into the Shadows received positive reviews.
Kareena Kapoor shares her travel adventures while hosting her podcast.
Ranbir Kapoor tested positive for COVID-19 and is currently in intensive care and has been advised to avoid isolating himself at home.
Sonakshi Sinha has shown the world the best ways to increase awareness of mental health.
Varun Dhawan agreed with Natasha Dalal, his longtime partner in crime.
Madhuri Dixit shared the video with her husband on their birthday.
Ayushmann Khurrana's film Article 15 won the Best Film award at Filmfare.
Katrina Kaif partnered with a beauty company to create the world's first compulsory beauty kit.
Rajkummar Rao's latest film received rave reviews and praise from critics.
Huma Qureshi stars in a web series that talks about the challenges and beliefs facing society.
Rani Mukerji marked the final year of her life with a heartwarming message to her fans.
The upcoming pilot was announced by Karan Johar, in the presence of its executive producers.
Bobby Deol's web series has garnered critical acclaim for its violence and graphic violence.
Tara Sutaria has assembled the sketches of her preparation for the upcoming romantic drama.
Ananya Panday's social media campaign aims to celebrate the incredible power of the nude body and equal love.
Aditya Roy Kapur started taking pictures of beautiful beaches in different parts of the world.
Nargis Fakhri has returned to Bollywood with an optimistic outlook on the upcoming film.
Imran Khan has announced that he will be returning to the project after taking a long hiatus from acting.
The encouragement of Juhi Chawla's logging led to the idea of setting up a logging company.
Manoj Bajpayee won the national award for his performance in the critically acclaimed film.
Nushrat Bharucha's horror movie trailer created quite a stir among fans and critics alike.
Pankaj Tripathi has launched a new web series exploring the themes of justice and redemption.
Kriti Kharbanda and Pulkit Samrat shared cute pictures on instagram.
Rajinikanth's Annaatthe teaser, broke the record for the most views, where it garnered millions of views, in just a few hours.
Chitrangda Singh has partnered with NGOs to empower women by improving the clothes they wear.
Kunal Kemmu collected the ghostly images of the days when he lived next door to his family consisting of his wife and daughter.
Neha Dhupia and Angad Bedi graced the stage the day after their wedding with impressive performances.
Soha Ali Khan wrote a children's book inspired by her own experience as a mother.
Arbaaz Khan announced his directorial debut in which he sought to exploit the pressures of exploitation and peer pressure.
Juhi Chawla went back to the drawing board in a speech urging her to speed up her work.
Raveena Tandon's web series received rave reviews for its compelling storyline.
Shilpa Shetty runs a fitness channel that encourages athletes to adopt healthy lifestyles.
Arjun Rampal's performance on the big screen has garnered praise from critics.
Dia Mirza aims to raise awareness of climate change through a grassroots campaign.
Zareen Khan stars in a heartwarming drama that combines family values and forgiveness.
Abhay Deol's nude nude was shown for the first time at the International Swimming Hall of Fame.
John Abraham gave an early glimpse of the dramatic events in the galaxy to come.
Karthik Aryan's romantic comedy turned out to be the highest grossing film of the year.
Dulquer Salmaan shares insights on the rise of pornography in South India and Bollywood.
Anupam Kher released a memoir detailing his journey and career.
Paresh Rawal received the prestigious Lifetime Achievement Award for his outstanding contribution to Indian cinema.
Sunny Deol is teaming up with Karan's son for a family drama full of surprises to come.
Tabu's immersive performance in the fantasy genre has garnered praise from critics and fans alike.
The company performs Shakespeare plays in outdoor venues.
The rapper broke records by releasing a new album.
The actress expressed her gratitude for the fans' support after choosing her character.
Smart parents always announce the baby first on the back of their phones.
The ruler defeated the mighty dragon in the darkest of battles on earth.
The singer passed the spiritual flute to the teacher who finished the song.
The factory produced a trailer for the pool adjacent to the house next door.
The seller gained notoriety after a viral video went viral online.
The band performed a new song before announcing the upcoming album.
Critics point to the fog that has illuminated the shadows of the world.
The actor got a part in an adaptation of a beloved novel.
A plumber is searching for the next generation of plumbers through the recently acquired plum.
The Broadway musical was delayed due to high demand from viewers.
Public service announcements take precedence over mainstream sci-fi films.
The singer's charity raised millions for needy children around the world.
The ceremony honored the featured artists with decorations that were installed throughout the week.
The chef produced a cookbook containing easy recipes for customers.
The YouTube star first posted funny videos on social media.
The singer announced that he would take a break from live performances after his retirement.
Two actors and a director teamed up for the first screening of the highly anticipated drama.
The production of moisture is temporarily suspended due to unpredictable disturbances in the atmosphere.
The popular sitcom is returning for a new season after being off the air for several years.
The actor displayed remarkable versatility in the critically acclaimed drama.
The comedian announced plans to go abroad for the coming year.
The reality TV star has launched a fashion brand aimed at teenage viewers.
The classical composer celebrated his lifetime achievement at a prestigious conference.
Space exploration justifies the need for a planet filled with stars.
The Bollywood actress made a name for herself at the international beauty pageant.
The judges voted for the best documentary in the latest drama series.
Volunteers hosted a charity event to promote cancer research and health programs.
The supervisor looked carefully at the relevant documents in the field during the inspection.
The singer opened her own record store while shopping for her best selling albums.
The actor was reunited with the actor who was hired for the depressing news about the arrival of the baby.
The music video demonstrates new techniques and styles.
A farmer destroyed cash registers with a game-laden pitch.
The comedy film gained a cult following after its release from limited release.
The producer signed a contract for various film projects with a local studio.
The star of Broadway surprised the audience with a live performance on the stage outside.
The ensuing storm further strained traffic with a very high volume of traffic during the final week of operation.
The supervisor investigated the circumstances of the accident at this airport which led to conflicting opinions.
The singer-songwriter spoke out against the rumors at a press conference for an upcoming album.
The farmer won the land acquisition after months of careful planning.
Earth's darkest star joins Marvel for the hero.
An actor's memory reveals details behind the specific events of the play.
A successful novelist turned the novel into a courtroom drama.
Reality TV star's impassioned speeches ignited online conversations and debates.
The legendary jazz singer showed off the lights on the concert stage in broad daylight on the big screen.
The actress has developed a device that can significantly reduce the weight of a cat.
A Hollywood actor reveals his boss's voice for the first time in a mysterious film.
Netflix confirmed the second season for its first episode of Homicide.
The inventor of the printing press predicted the existence of water on earth in a breath taking atmosphere.
The actor attended a press conference to mark the centenary of polio.
The director announced the story which was supported by leading stars of Bollywood film industry.
A young artist receives recognition for his extraordinary contribution to the world of art.
The popularity of the song garnered praise for its uplifting new lyrics.
The streaming service revives old series along with new episodes.
The article reveals things that were not previously reported by investigators in the case.
The rock band reunited for a world tour to celebrate the anniversary of the song.
Fans were expecting the actor's return to television after a long-awaited hiatus.
A children's author advertises flowers based on best selling books.
A theatre company presents a contemporary rendition of Shakespeare's tragic tragedies.
An influencer expands a brand with lifestyle innovations for consumers around the world.
The conductor dedicated a soft song to those affected by the earthquake.
The historical drama won the audience choice award at the international level.
Economists emphasize the need to reduce inequality in employment.
The orchestra conductors assured the audience that they had the best singers in the world.
A young actor has landed a part in Hollywood's latest horror flick.
The magazine publishes picture books inspired by true historical events.
The critically acclaimed drama explores the themes of family, poverty, and redemption.
A newspaper cartoonist teams up with experts to paint the wall.
The actress emphasized the importance of mental health during her interview with the magazine.
The hip-hop artist came to prominence with the release of the highly anticipated singles.
The World Health Organization presents samples from at least 50 participating countries.
The comedy genre attracts audiences with its witty antics and hilarious moments.
Protesters protested against the long-awaited emergency declaration.
The legendary Bollywood star celebrated his 25th birthday with his fans.
The opera company produced such spectacular productions that they received high praise.
The internet has revolutionized the popularity of video games.
A blacksmith obtained a patent for the first solid product on the black market.
The actor gave a rousing speech after beating the leading lady's knee.
The Director announced plans for a new historical epic this year.
The singer led the choir in a rousing performance last Sunday evening.
The band surprised fans by releasing the song live without an online broadcast.
Adult entertainment has introduced new genre of entertainment that is dominated by adult entertainment.
The actress performed at the world premiere of the made-for-television movie.
The movement gained international attention for opposing policies that seriously impacted social justice.
The singers set up charity events to raise money for relief efforts in times of need.
The actor took the lead role in the breathtaking coming of age movie.
The director released a teaser image for the highly anticipated film adaptation.
A comedy troupe made a nationwide tour by performing sketch comedy.
The exhibit sets the stage for another exciting adventure.
The Pop icon broke records with sold out shows across the country.
An experienced chef developed a new style of cooking aimed at younger people.
The director celebrated the success at the box office along with the cast and crew.
Critics criticized the new film for shedding light on world events.
The actor was joined by a small group of brave souls for the occasion.
A Broadway musical captivates audiences with catchy tunes and memorable songs.
A star is awarded to an actor who has been recognized for his outstanding performance in a leading role during his lifetime.
The singer won the world music award for best new artist.
The toilet surprises visitors with a glimpse of the incoming toilet.
A comedian has launched a podcast exploring the behind the scenes of the controversial act.
The composer collaborated with several singers for the most popular song.
The actress talked about preparing for a role in a courtroom drama that was very emotional.
The stars in the biopics portray a man remembered since the 1920's.
Reality television produces conversations based on the conversations of the characters interacting on the screen.
Scientists make it difficult to promote awareness of mental health through the exchange of information.
The team scheduled a reunion to celebrate the anniversary this year.
The extension service keeps the library up to date with the latest developments from around the world.
The supervisor looked for ideas that fit the occasion in a way that evoked the imagination of the visitor.
The singer paid tribute to his retired teacher while he sang from the heart.
The Festival showcases the talents of emerging filmmakers from around the world.
The actor won praise for his performance in the tragic war drama.
The composer produced the album combining classical and electronic music styles.
The protesters gathered hours later to stage a new wave of protests.
Broadway producers turned a beloved children's book into a family favorite musical.
She arranged a meeting with a plumber for her urgently needed toilet paper.
Critics praised the actress' ability to do so many roles in such a relaxed atmosphere.
A butterfly maker talks about the wonders of nature while directing an interesting butterfly.
The comedian's newly released performances around the world following their release on the streaming service.
The pop star announced new tour dates across Europe and North America.
An experienced chef demonstrates new cooking techniques in a recipe book that has won several awards.
The director teamed up with talented screenwriters for a feature film that had a world premiere.
The band put forth efforts and styles that were never explored on the critically acclaimed album.
The Broadway production announced a nationwide tour after breaking the record in New York.
The streaming service primarily produces documentaries based on interesting real events.
The actor's memoir details the injuries he sustained during his Hollywood career.
The singing group emphasized the importance of conversation through interviews and face-to-face meetings.
The critically acclaimed drama explores the depths of love, grief and loss.
The animated movie became the highest grossing movie of the year worldwide.
A sense of guilt prompted the thoughtful words of the most memorable song ever written.
The actor portrayed a deeply flawed character in a beautifully staged play.
The museum announces plans for a multifaceted art world.
Comedy clubs are always looking for changes in the workplace in ways that are new and sustainable.
The demonstration won universal suffrage for the conservative party.
Critics noted the depth of emotion in the actress's new outfit.
The director examined the difficulties of being alone in a desert that shook the sky.
The singer gained fame for upholding social justice through his powerful music videos.
Smart customers print newsletters by printing them on a soft carpet.
Writing sheds light on the unsung heroes who work in the entertainment industry.
An actor surprises the audience with an aimless performance in an action movie.
The artist took the world by storm after releasing his critically acclaimed second studio album.
Reality TV crowned the young actor as the new national hero.
A stream of water turns a romantic novel into a series of fantastic novels.
The director won the competition to select the actors in the upcoming film.
The pop icon has teamed up with her fans to work on a new album that challenges genre.
A comedian's diary looks for funny but meaningful jokes in everyday life.
The actress talked about the challenges they faced while shooting action movies abroad.
A songwriting career follows the rise of an aspiring singer to international fame.
The Broadway production broke box office records in its opening weekend.
Showing lots of friends and making art for the special needs of the family.
The chairman spoke about the intentions of the delegates during a press conference for the forthcoming summit.
An actor portrays an Indian woman who defies the constraints of time and environment.
The Festival celebrates the achievements of outstanding filmmakers with various award winning films.
Critics praised the attractive appearance of the monster.
The singer performed a wonderful song with the audience during the song.
The actress has landed a prominent role in Netflix's upcoming romantic drama.
The reality TV star portrayed his role in a new and exciting way.
The streaming service produces adult films for adult audiences.
The legendary singer announced his retirement after a successful career spanning several decades.
The host host hosted an elaborate dinner party for the invited guests.
The Director directed the foundation to promote sounds that require improvement in film making.
The singer brings awareness to the plight of the planet through a song offering fresh inspirational help.
The actor posted a message on the internet looking for the faces surrounding the digital image of this cat.
TAMASSA initially produced film projects that drew the efforts of talented young filmmakers from around the world.
The sculpture recreates an old legend with a fresh and contemporary look.
The critically acclaimed drama explores issues of identity and family history.
The Pop group announced their long awaited comeback with a new album and tour.
The streaming service delivers instant justice for the world's poorest people.
The actor contemplated the part that described the action that began in the humorous speech.
The conductor worked with the orchestra for an improvised and improvised version of the song.
The host of the reality show faced a lawsuit because of the controversial videos posted on the news channels.
The printed page provides a snapshot of the untold stories since the golden age of Hollywood history.
The singer turned off the radio during the break, announced new songs and invited guests to attend.
A Broadway playwright gets a lifetime achievement award for ten years of acting.
Friends of the streaming service and the studio for an interactive session with viewers.
The Director wants to explore the possibilities of hope and resilience in a post-apocalyptic world.
Critics praised the compelling performances in the emotional drama.
Volunteers raise funds to support animal welfare and wildlife conservation.
Visitors to the museum get to experience the beauty of nature from various artists from around the world.
Vaani Kapoor is teaming up with a famous director for romantic dramas.
Pooja Hegde's phone number from the airport was clearly displayed on the newsstands.
Nora Fatehi's music video broke the audience record in the first 24 hours.
Kiara Advani became the spokesperson for the world's largest advertising agency.
Mahesh Babu's two language project has generated enthusiasm among students of all levels.
Dhanush's Tamil film won international acclaim for its story and direction.
Allu Arjun announced the continuation of the first season along with a very interesting announcement.
Rashmika Mandanna's first appearance in Bollywood sparked controversy among her fans.
Prabhas's sci-fi showcases the latest inventions and technology.
Kajal Aggarwal covers the background of the events of the historical drama.
Samantha Ruth Prabhu's latest film has garnered praise for its heartwarming story.
Nithya Menen appears on various websites looking for current events and happenings.
Vijay Deverakonda's performance in the drama was hailed by critics as the best performance of his career.
Yashs announcement KGF Lynnong 2 sets new standards for Indian films.
The disappearance of Nagarjuna's family irked critics because of the depth of her feelings.
Deepika Padukone started her own fashion label aimed at promoting young fashion designers.
Ranveer Singh's cheeky manner stole the show at the press conference.
Alia Bhatt shares the behind the scenes of her new movie.
A film featuring Shah Rukh Khan's performance set the record for the highest opening for a film.
Katrina Kaif unveiled a new line of beauty products based on traditional Indian designs.
Salman Khan's presence in the upcoming film is delighting fans across the globe.
Amitabh Bachchan wrote a humble essay on the completion of fifty years in the film industry.
Aishwarya Rai has graced the international stage with a glamorous look.
Hrithik Roshan's performance for the Indian team has inspired fans all over the world.
Priyanka Chopra credits the success of her humanitarian project to the world and the UN.
Anushka Sharma's production house has announced a female-led thriller.
Varun Dhawan cooperated with the emergency management.
Jacqueline fernandez is going to be in an action movie with a Hollywood actor.
This patriotic film of Akshay Kumar broke the audience record on streaming platforms.
Parineeti Chopra shares her impressions of the miraculous birth in mysterious places.
Sidharth Malhotra won hearts for his memorable role in the family drama.
Kangana Ranaut's debut as a director sparked controversy before its release.
Taapsee Pannu's sports biopic won praise for its inspiring storyline.
Ayushmann Khurrana hits the nail on the head in a movie that makes us think.
Sara Ali Khan shares her solution to poverty with farmers and workers in a humble post.
Janhvi Kapoor shines in a period drama portraying historical events with humor.
The former Sri Lankan left arm spinner had to contend with the formidable Muttiah Muralitharan.
Herath has been very active in the field of education throughout the world.
India would love to go all the way to Melbourne after the big bang.
Australia is the place where Rishabh Pant's halo was modeled.
The next BCCI SGM will be held within 43 days from the deadline.
Delhi will host the World Athletics Championships in 2025.
BCCI SGM will select Jay Shah, host of Ashish Shelar on 12th June in Mumbai.
The MCA rejected Prithvi Shaw's criticism of Vijay Hazare's speech.
Rohit's men had time to rest, refresh themselves and consolidate their technical skills before the Boxing Day Test.
In one month in Australia, India has seen it all.
Opening in Perth, closing in Adelaide and closing in Brisbane.
The Border-Gavaskar Trophy Series is tied 1-1 with two Tests remaining.
Rohit Sharma's team will have many more opportunities to save their relationship.
The sudden death of R. Ashwin added another dimension.
Cheteshwar Pujara and Ajinkya Rahane lost the Test match.
From the core group of artists, Rohit, Virat Kohli and Ravindra Jadeja are still in the mix.
In the process, Kohli lost his voice in Perth before the widespread humiliation erupted again.
While Rohit once fought but was defeated in tough fights or made mistakes in his judgement.
Jadeja, who took the top spot at the Gabba, was as bad as the dealer and as bad as the dealer.
With Ashwin's resignation, he became the first openly gay elected official in the state.
K.L. Rahul's performance (235 runs and 47 wickets) with the highest score, saved India.
To see Jasprit Bumrah and Akash Deep perform well and equally perform happily.
These two, in a sense, saved the third Test by helping India avoid relegation.
The test meant that it turned out to be a very difficult surgery that took five days.
It thwarted the director's plans to increase the number of seats for the first round to 445.
But India would like to make a big difference.
The coaching staff led by Gautam Gambhir had to look for a way to beat Travis Head.
Australia will miss out on the services of injured Josh Hazlewood but Scott Boland is very strong in his position.
Ajinkya Rahane's men won the Border-Gavaskar Trophy.
First baseman Nathan McSweeney has been suspended from the Australian Baseball Team.
According to Cricket Australia news website, McSweeney opened the batting for Sam Konstas.
The 19-year-old former captain scored 107 runs against Rohit Sharma's team.
Rohit Sharma's last Test match was against England at Dharamshala.
In the Australian skies, Rohit Sharma is looking for a place in the sun.
The rivers dried up, and under his leadership.
The second Test was abandoned in Adelaide after extra time.
The rain helped to delay the third meeting in Brisbane.
Rohit was very familiar with these mental exercises and preferred to be trained intensively and to do his best in the exercises.
Mumbaikar has been suffering from depression ever since the incident.
His scores thus far on this tour are 3, 3, 6 and 10.
However, in the ODI away series against Sri Lanka in August, he scored 58, 64 and 35 runs respectively.
He met K.L. Rahul and the next day, he passed 10th.
Entrepreneurs are judged on different criteria but nothing is more important when leadership and leadership becomes part of the equation.
At the age of 37 and with India's captaincy hanging over him, it's hardly surprising that Rohit has been handled so poorly.
The same year he led India to win the ICC T20 World Cup.
Unlike Virat Kohli, whose sheer physical prowess terrifies the cameras, Rohit is more of a do-gooder.
Kohli, through his performance in the first Test in Perth, won the hearts.
Steve Smith also went through terrible things, but his fortune at the Gabba saved his life.
Rohit needs to repeat this in the coming weeks as he has already suffered four strokes spread across Melbourne and Sydney.
In ODIs, his aggressive batting style allowed his teammates to score more runs.
Rohit had to be patient and try to do the V.V.S.
Laxman by filling the tiny gaps and landing on the beach.
He had the luck and help that his first brownie points were scored during his tour of Australia in 2008.
With the series tied at 1-1 with the fourth Test scheduled to begin at the Melbourne Cricket Ground here on October 26.
Australian athletes also included Sean Abbott, Beau Webster and Jhye Richardson in the team.
Meanwhile, injured wrestler Josh Hazlewood is unable to wrestle today.
Scott Boland will step aside in his place in this group.
The BCCI rule states that any pending matter must be resolved within 45 days by calling an extraordinary general meeting.
The next BCCI SGM will be held within 43 days from the deadline.
The BCCI will hold its Special General Meeting (SGM) in Mumbai on 12th January to select its new secretary.
Both projects were released by Jay Shah and Ashish Shelar earlier this month.
Shah assumed office as the youngest ever President of the ICC on 1 January.
Shelar, who is well versed in BJP politics, was sworn in as the chief minister of a newly formed state government in Maharashtra.
According to the amendments of the Lodha Committee adopted by the upper house, one person cannot hold two offices.
Shah, who has one year left on his tenure at BCCI before the mandatory retirement.
Sean Abbott has been through a lot in his life since that publisher killed Phillip Hughes.
Mumbai Cricket Association (MCA) has suspended Prithvi Shaw.
An MCA official, speaking to PTI, stated that the issue was urgent.
Shaw expressed his disappointment at not being selected in the 16 man squad for the Vijay Hazare Trophy.
We compete with 10 other athletes because we were forced to hide Prithvi Shaw.
The ball will pass by him before he can reach it.
Even while he was holding on, we could see that he was trying to get to the ball.
His appearance, attitude and demeanor were perfect and very pleasant.
Even the seniors in the group began to question his current behavior.
In winning the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy, Shaw covered the training events.
Shaw's friend who is also the captain of Mumbai, Shreyas Iyer also delivered an impassioned speech.
He played a lot of cricket. Everyone gave him advice.
At the end of the day, it's his job to think things out for himself.
Shaw was earlier dropped from Mumbai's Ranji Trophy squad for the same reasons in April.
He was offered a physically demanding internship at the MCA Academy.
Shaw exploded onto the scene amid intense media scrutiny, during which he made his Test debut in 2018 at the age of 18.
The athlete, who is in the current Australian Test team, has been very efficient with his moves.
His ODI and T20 International performances also failed to take off and he has not played Test cricket for India since 2021.
Several critics have expressed interest in his performances and personality.
At the time the Indian cricket team under the captaincy of Lala Amarnath was playing against Australia after the assassination of Gandhi.
Various artifacts and memorabilia from historic cricket tours, including India's first ever tour to Australia, are on display at the MCG library.
It was the first time for the Indian cricket team to tour Australia with the players, led by Lala Amarnath.
The One Day International cricket tournament in Australia was renamed after Dean Jones.
The Dean Jones Trophy was renamed in honour of Australia's first cricketer to score a century in Test cricket.
The return of retired wrestler Joe Root to the ring after an absence of more than 50 years.
Smriti Mandhana broke the record of many for fifty years.
Richa Ghosh shared the fastest fifty which saw India win its first T20I series at home after a gap of 5 years.
India posted the highest score in T20I.
Smriti Mandhana and Richa Ghosh presented a well thought out event in Navi Mumbai along with some very interesting performances.
India at Navi Mumbai on Thursday night where they beat West Indies by 60 runs in the deciding T20I series.
After she was evicted, Ghosh came in and raped 18-year-old student.
Hayley Matthews won the coin toss for the third time and didn't hesitate to tie for first.
The muddy nature of the Patil Basin makes it an ideal location for hunting.
The first speaker from Chinelle Henry noticed that the ball went everywhere.
India vs Pakistan will be in the middle, hybrid format for all ICC events until 2028.
While the Champions Trophy has been rescheduled to be held between February 19 to March 9.
At the time it was not advertised because of a lack of interest in the subject.
The PCB strongly opposed the hybrid approach but ultimately approved it on the following grounds.
After much delay, the International Cricket Council (ICC) on Thursday announced.
India's matches in next year's Champions Trophy will be at the home ground of Pakistan.
Pakistan will not be hosting India for any ICC tournament till 2028
This is the first major decision since former BCCI Secretary Jay Shah took over as the chairman of the ICC.
This hybrid approach, for all events up to 2028, is expected to be successful.
This will apply to the ICC 2025 men's tournament (hosted by Pakistan).
Indias Champions Trophy matches are yet to be decided by the board.
BCCI has listed UAE as the most preferred destination.
The timing of the launch will be announced at a later date, the ICC said.
India has vowed not to go to Pakistan for the summit, citing security concerns.
Pakistan requested the documents in writing, citing every other major cricketing organisation.
The chairman of the PCB, Mohsin Naqvi, is also the current Home Minister of Pakistan.
Last month, Pakistan circulated the letter, which was circulated by the ICC board, among its members, on Monday.
Root's latest achievement in this discipline is the Under 50 World Championships to be held in India in 2023.
The BCCI informed the ICC of its travel restrictions to Pakistan.
India has not played in Pakistan since the 2008 Mumbai terror attacks.
While Pakistan again came to India for the Under 50 World Cup last year.
India hosted the Asia Cup in Sri Lanka.
Amid tense relations, the two countries have not held bilateral talks since 2013.
India have been drawn into Group A for the Champions Trophy alongside defending champions Pakistan.
Bangladesh and New Zealand, while Australia, England, South Africa and Afghanistan are in Group B.
This will be the first ICC event in Pakistan since 1996.
With the men's T20 tournament in 2026 co-hosted by India and Sri Lanka.
Pakistan's problems can be solved in this country.
Tim Paine, who lost his captaincy, following the sexting scandal, and Cummins, became Australia's captain.
Cummins was 19 years old when he achieved his feat in the Test series against South Africa.
Ravindra Jadeja found out about this relaxation at the last minute.
It was amazing, Jadeja told reporters at the Melbourne Cricket Ground (MCG).
The 36-year-old Fury suffered his first career losing streak against Usyk last month in Naitung.
While Tyson Fury broke a barrier against Oleksandr Usyk in a bid to carry the heavyweight title without a fight.
The British fighter will fight the Ukrainian fighter in a rematch for the heavyweight title in Riyadh.
This boxer from Britain, went to train in Malta, for this competition.
Senior members of the Fury family, who wished to remain anonymous, accompanied the letter to The Telegraph.
Fury wrestled with a group of young southpaw before teaming up against Oleksandr Usyk.
They took what has been described as the biggest training exercise of Fury's life.
The newspaper also reported that Fury had engaged in gambling.
Shark Tanking, a technique in which novice athletes attempt to turn inwards and outwards.
The eight boxers are Kevin Lerena, Zhan Kossobutskiy, Fernely Feliz Jnr, Alexis Barrière and Aleksei Dronov.
The last three heroes who were never defeated in their lives according to the newsletter.
In a match against Usyk at Naiwieng, Fury was injured during practice.
The first challenge will be shifted from mid February to November.
But Malta was great.
We started the fitness exercise immediately, outside the camp.
We've had her for four months.
Tyson has now reached a new milestone: a 500 lb. leg lift.
We put a lot of effort and resources into this campaign.
Kristian Blacklock, who is Fury's strength and conditioning coach, told the Telegraph Sport.
Fury won 35 out of 35 fights before his first loss.
Fury and Usyk reached an agreement to tie the knot in 2023.
Fury's government in Malta saw him take home 5,000 meals a day.
Tyson is very fond of learning and studying.
I know his [ boxing coach] SugarHill [Steward] feels the same way.
He loves to fight and is determined to win.
His poverty made him even more determined.
Liam Lawson made his way to the Red Bull parking lot.
Yuki Tsunoda will team up with Max Verstappen in 2025.
After Mexican driver Sergio Perez and Red Bull parted ways.
Red Bull's parking lot is in the middle of two car parks.
Liam Lawson has only 11 fights to his name,
He made his international debut in 2023 after beating Daniel Ricciardo
Yuki is a very fast driver.
He'll have three or four years of experience now.
He did a great job testing tires for us in Abu Dhabi.
To Liam, when you look up and down at the spectator of his race.
His relationship with Yuki was very difficult.
Tsunoda retired in 2021 for Alpha Tauri at the time.
Red Bull after the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix.
Red Bull believes that Liam Lawson has as much clout as his rivals.
Lawson displayed remarkable athleticism.
As long as he's a driver of great integrity and courage.
He found himself in an area where many big car drivers were present.
Red Bull regularly changed their second driver consisting of Alex Albon, Pierre Gasly and Sergio Perez.
Red Bull came back late looking for a dealer.
The Indian Express presents the schedule of D Gukesh's presidential campaign in 2025
Gukesh Dommaraju became the youngest boxer in history to win the world heavyweight title.
Gukesh will face India's Arjun Erigaisi, and Norway's Magnus Carlsen
The year 2025 will begin with the restructuring of Tata Steel.
He will be facing Erigaisi and fellow Indian cricketer R Praggnanandhaa in the event.
Gukesh is competing in the Freestyle Chess Grand Slam Tour.
This is the Tour de France in Germany (Weissenhaus), India (Delhi), France (Paris)
In this match, Gukesh will face his idol Viswanathan Anand alongside Carlsen.
9 out of 10 candidates were nominated for this competition,
The youngster will then have the opportunity to compete in the Norwegian Chess 2025 championship.
Along with Wei Yi, Gukesh will face off against Magnus Carlsen and Arjun.
Gukesh didn't participate in this competition last year.
Gukesh won the Norwegian Championships in 2023
Gukesh and his current teacher, Grzegorz Gajewski, worked together.
It's a partnership that has proved to be extremely successful for India's most successful entrepreneur
India to host Para Athletics World Championship
The 2025 event will be the 12th edition of the event and the fourth time it has been held in Asia.
The Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium has been completed as the venue for the Para Worlds 2025 which is scheduled to be held in 2025.
This is the first time that India will host an athletics competition.
The announcement was made by the World Paralympic Association (WPA) on their website.
This Grand Prix will serve as a warm up for the big event scheduled to take place in April.
The Paralympic cycle to Los Angeles 2028 will be in New Delhi.
The Para Athletics World Championships in 2025 will be the largest Para event in the world.
India is one of the best examples of the growth and development of Para athletics in the past few decades.
From winning two silver medals at the 2015 World Championships in Doha to winning 17 medals overall.
Atletico Madrid's first victory at Camp Nou in 18 years
Barcelona have been unbeaten in the league on three occasions
This win propelled Atletico to the top of the table with 41 goals scored.
Barcelona initially took control through Pedri's first attempt.
Manchester City broke the deadlock once again, with the pressure finally falling on Pep Guardiola as Aston Villa won 2-1.
Aston Villa have moved up one place from Manchester City to eighth in the Premier League table.
Pep Guardiola's side could drop to seventh at the end of the season
At a very slow pace, the Villa came within 20 seconds of the wall.
Ortega made another good defense from the next corner.
A small earthquake was a sign of things to come.
Duran, 21, scored in the 16th minute.
Youri Tielemans sent a very sweet note to Rogers.
It was another argument for the vacant seat in the assembly initiated by the former owner of the Villa, Duran.
He even had his car suspended for offside on Saturday.
City were beaten in their first of seven league games this season.
Only the younger Wolves, Southampton and Leicester have done so more times (12 times).
Villa Park opened the scoring in the 65th minute when Rogers intercepted a pass from captain John McGinn.
She's like an animal, really, Rogers told TNT Sports of City.
Phil Foden scored a goal for City on his first league goal of the season.
Foden scored his best goal for City, including one in the penalty shootout against the World Cup winning Villa goalkeeper.
First time in history to win eight consecutive Premier League games.
Maresca's men could have gone one better, if only temporarily, with a win at Everton on Sunday 2020.
That was Enzo Maresca after Chelsea beat Brentford 2-1.
Sunday's victory over Everton and Chelsea could have been decisive
Chelsea couldn't resist being part of the Christmas conversation.
That they are the first team to win eight consecutive league titles.
After winning 5-1 against Shamrock Rovers on Thursday, they secured promotion to the Premier League.
After the defeat against Brentford, Maresca continued to express his opinion on Chelsea's inability.
But at the moment there is no team that can match Liverpool who won the competition.
Chelsea is still doing their best to keep the rivalry going to get a good reputation.
They led the league in scoring with 37 goals, 6 more than the top-ranked Liverpool.
And they were bowled out for 19, which is 6 more than Liverpool.
But when you consider that they scored 63 points in the first quarter, and 47 points in the second quarter, that's a loss.
Chelsea's 11 goals against Newcastle is the fewest in the league.
Chelsea are more worried about the injury than they are about the result.
Explain how the club cleared the transfer of Enzo Fernandez and Fofana.
The Argentine was accused of abusing French tourists.
Chelsea went a long way from relegation at the beginning of the season.
That was when they had 48 players and Raheem Sterling wasn't sure.
He has since been loaned out to Arsenal.
In an effort to promote books, graduates of the academy are Connor Gallagher, Omari Hutchinson
She felt as if she were experiencing a panic since the summer of 2022.
The 44-year-old Italian was Pep Guardiola's assistant at City in 2019.
Conference League to create a strong back up by giving players.
Nicolas Jackson was very influential in the development of Chelsea.
Maresca used this Senegalese forward closer to the goal than he did last season.
His seven goals in the league propelled Jackson to 23 goals in 50 appearances.
Only Erling Haaland (40) and Ollie Watkins (25) have scored more goals without a penalty.
Jackson's success made Cole Palmer a force to be reckoned with.
Maresca's admiration for athletes such as Jadon Sancho, Pedro Neto and Noni Madueke
As seen on the pitch from the rotating team and under the new coach,
they had their moments of horror against Brentford and Spurs.
Chelsea's record at Everton is very poor with one win and five defeats.
It was reported that Ace wrestler Manu Bhaker was passed over for nomination for the prestigious Khel Ratna Award.
Manu Bhaker wrote the script in 2024, as the villain won two silver medals.
First, she won the bronze medal in the women's 10m sprint.
became the first Indian to achieve such a feat at the Olympics since India's independence.
Bhaker asked the audience whether she was entitled to the nickname Dhyan Chand Khel Ratna.
received negative reviews from critics, who criticized her for making such a post.
Bhaker actually submitted her application for the country's highest sporting honour.
Bhaker suffered a gunshot wound during the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
She returned to Paris to silence her fans.
She also won gold medals in both the CWG and Asian Games.
At the same time, she also bagged the gold at the CWG 2018 2018.
She also became the youngest Indian to win a gold at the World Cup in 2018.
Bhaker credited Rana for his study which helped her make history in Paris.
Indian Grandmaster defeated defending champion Ding Liren in the mixed doubles event at the 2020 world championships.
Viswanathan Anand is another Indian, who has won the World Championship five times.
Gukesh got to compete with Liren after winning the competition of the candidates.
The fight came down to the final fourteen,
Liren went on to win by defeating the challenger.
Mr Gukesh returned to India and was reported to be resting for a while.
He decided not to take part in the FIDE event at the end of the year.
He came back to work the following year.
He also won the world no. 1 Magnus Karlsen
Gukesh will begin his career in 2025 with Tata Steel.
It will be in Wijk aan Zee in the Netherlands.
This tournament will also feature Anish Giri, Erigaisi, Fabiano Caruana, R Praggnanandhaa.
Gukesh came in second last year, while China's Wei Yi came in first.
Nick Kyrgios included Nicolas Mahut in the list of his final competitors.
Australian tennis star Nick Kyrgios has competed in numerous international tournaments.
Sinner would win that 6-3, Mahut told Eurosport.
Kyrgios was getting ready to come back.
This Aussie boxer has made it clear that his comeback is going to be all about winning the singles title.
Kyrgios who came the closest to lifting such a title is in the running for the 2022 Wimbledon Championships.
He was able to defeat Jannik Sinner who was able to defeat the world's first superhero.
Kyrgios was upset by Mahut's comments
Kyrgios is expected to return to Brisbane International shortly.
He recovered from the injury to his arm and leg,
Dutch chess player Anna-Maja Kazarian threw FIDE sneakers at her door
Dutch actress Anna-Maja Kazarian is a household name among fans.
A prominent analyst on Twitch was fined 100 euros by FIDE.
She broke her neck during the earthquake.
The judge approached her on the spot because of her injuries.
FIDE has learned that its jerseys are not compatible with the helmet worn.
According to FIDE guidelines for this tournament, players are required to wear professional equipment.
Kazarian strongly criticized FIDE for completely banning futsal at the FIDE Rapid this year.
The 24-year-old athlete also broke the rules of showing FIDE guidelines to athletes.
Tiger Woods, who has thrown one perfect game 20 times in his career,
Langer, 67, and his son Jason, 24, won the title for the second time in 2019.
Langer became the only athlete to win the PNC Championship consecutively with boys as his teammates.
He won twice (2005 and 2006) and Stefan, 2006.
Tiger, who was dumped 20 times
Charlie was left in disbelief after a loud bang from the monitor.
Woods hugged his son as he did when he won the Masters in 2019,
Gukesh's father held the title of one of India's most respected businessmen.
Gukesh's father, Rajnikanth, paid homage to one of India's greatest teachers.
Harikrishna is a 38 year old retired Grandmaster from Andhra Pradesh,
Ranked 10th in the world in 2016, and 2770th in the world by ELO in 2016.
Gukesh and Hari worked together for one week in 2022
Hari was kind enough to invite Gukesh to his home after he passed away in 2650.
He said he appreciated Gukesh's initiative.
The success of Gugesh led the news media to be dismissed as old and new rivals
Carlsen publicly rejected the idea of competing against Gukesh for the World Cup title.
These two teams will meet in February at the 2018 Freestyle Chess Grandslam.
The Norwegian even gave a name to fast running as  pure running.
Carlsen's feelings were also recently expressed by Armenia's top academic.
Aronian's current FIDE rating is 2747 and he is ranked 11th in the world.
His highest score was 2830 in March 2014.
Carlsen is also one of the residents of the apartment.
Aronian is also the fourth highest ranked player in the history of chess.
He lifted the FIDE World Cup in 2005 and 2017.
He switched from Armenian football to American football in 2021, 2021.
The year 2024 was a very difficult year for football,
Manchester City have cemented their dominance at home by retaining the top spot in the Premier League.
Spain introduced a new gold standard to the continent of Europe,
This great defender has been the cornerstone of Manchester City's success in recent years.
Rodri's absence due to injury was obvious,
The Argentine singer showed his brilliance.
Messi showed remarkable pace, scoring 20 goals
by providing 16 grants for only 19 projects.
became Miami's first black mayor
Club captained by David Beckham to 74 consecutive league appearances
Miami's postseason run ended with a first round playoff loss,
Messi's impact is undeniable.
His efforts earned him the nickname of the nation's most valuable athlete,
The year 2024 could be the end of the road for Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo.
Collectively, they have been crowned the best soccer players in the world 13 times.
They finished as the two winners 11 times, often against each other.
Currently, Ronaldo plays for Al Nassr in Saudi Arabia, 2019.
Messi is with MLS side Inter Miami.
It is anticipated that Manchester City will go through another relegation.
Pep Guardiola's team suffered an unprecedented defeat.
Haaland started the race in a good mood.
Real Madrid proved to be a very good team in the summer of 2024, with a spectacular victory.
Sunil Chhetri's last match was on 6 January in Kolkata, where his side lost 0-0 to Kuwait.
Chhetri is currently playing for Bengaluru FC in the Indian Super League (ISL), 2020.
He holds the record as the top goal scorer in the league.
He remains India's highest paid actor of all time.
The year 2024 marks the end of Kylian Mbappe's longstanding rivalry.
This 2018 World Cup winner has scored seven goals in 15 appearances.
At Madrid, Mbappe was deployed as a central midfielder at the front of the three 
Spain received a new gold medal at UEFA Euro 2024,
The team delivered a very impressive showing by beating defending champions Germany in the quarterfinals,
Spain defeated England, winning 2-1 to claim the title.
Barcelona midfielder Dani Olmo finished as Spain's top scorer, with three goals.
Rodri was voted the best athlete in the class of 2019.
Yamal was honored as the best young athlete of the tournament
Yamal's impressive performance in the semifinal against France was also chosen as the team of the tournament, 2019.
Kylian Mbappe stunned his fans with a spectacular goal against Sevilla.
Mbappe scored the first goal against Real Madrid in a 4-2 victory.
He also helped Brahim Diaz get Madrid to secure the fourth goal.
Mbappe, who turned 26 on Monday, had one of the best performances of his career at Real Madrid.
This Brazilian keeps Mbappe in the middle of the pitch.
The Frenchman scored 14 goals this season in all competitions.
Kylian Mbappe closed the gap to one goal.
Atletico Madrid beat Barca on Sunday to claim the league title at Christmas 2020.
Carlo Ancelotti's side also picked up the win with a comfortable home victory.
Fede Valverde also threw a perfect game from far away,
Isaac Romero and Dodi Lukebakio beat Sevilla by 10 goals.
Mbappe, returns after being out for a while with a shoulder injury
He scored for Madrid at halftime as they won the Intercontinental Cup.
Ancelotti's side went one better with the third goal coming in the 34th minute.
Lucas Vazquez scored for Rodrygo which ended in a goalless draw.
Sevilla got off to a good start last night.
Sevilla released Navas after the season ended.
His arm was amputated by the Santiago Bernabeu.
The owners of Madrid and Sevilla respectively awarded the retired Spanish player.
Navas, 39, won the Europa League four times and the Copa del Rey twice with Sevilla, 39.
His latest achievement ended in disappointment for the people of Andalusia.
Fernandez was able to defend himself from Rodrygo after Mbappe hit the goalkeeper.
He passed the ball back to his Brazilian friend,
Lukebakio returned a goal for Sevilla.
Madrid was able to finish a very good year,
Manchester United were defeated at home against Bournemouth 3-0
Chelsea missed out on promotion to the Premier League after drawing 0-0 at home.
United manager Ruben Amorim once again dropped Marcus Rashford from his coaching staff
United were defeated four times in seven games in all competitions.
United defeated twice after being knocked out of the League Cup at Tottenham
The belief of the Amorites that their route back to the mainland would be long and difficult.
Amorim's decision to play without Rashford in the third Test
Antoine Semenyo extended United's lead after two minutes by conceding an impressive goal.
Chelsea finished just behind Liverpool who had two draws.
Everton's new chairman Marc Watts was with us today at Goodison Park.
Wolves coach Vitor Pereira had his first big dream.
Porto manager Pereira resigned from his post in the Saudi Pro League.
Manchester City is currently going through a very bad time.
Tania Sachdev, one of the biggest stars of the women's movement in India in the last 15 years.
Sachdev, who won the Commonwealth Women's Chess Championship three times.
30 people died every hour in 2021 in the world, according to the World Health Organization.
The hospital recently partnered with a private company to develop a virtual assistant for those in need of care.
The apex court sought the Centre's response to the request to make antivenom available for use in hospitals and health centres.
The brand embedded in Nestle products is compatible with Indian and global food standards.
Stones were quarried from human skin in Andhra Pradesh
Fight against the spread of cancer
Alcoholic drinks raise the risk of serious cardiovascular disease.
A multicultural tourist guide has been released to facilitate the arrival of tourists to Hyderabad
U.S. approves first comprehensive vaccine against insomnia
A couple from Uttarakhand donated the body of a newborn baby for education in the field of dentistry.
Indian scientists have developed novel therapies for leprosy.
India accounts for half of all estimated malaria deaths in the North East Asian region by 2023.
The lack of access to outdoor recreation has a significant impact on the health of people of all sexual orientations.
A second best liver transplant gave a new lease on life to a 61 - year - old cancer patient in Kenya
A medical society in Bengal has launched a fund to honour R.G. The victim's injury
Researchers in India have developed a framework that lays the foundation for AI to rapidly identify molecules that can resist the virus
The spread of waterborne diseases in the apartments of Trikkakara has caused concern
Improving the quality of life and health of children through the use of Indic Languages
A lesson in accepting responsibility at the end of life and a therapeutic intervention
Great potential, and real use of AI in the future
California to consider banning mental health alerts on social media
How an early liver transplant can reduce the risk of liver disease later in life
NMC creates opportunities to attract tourists during lockdown
The extreme heat puts garment workers at risk
FSSAI seeks quarterly information on expired and rejected food products
Ministers were requested to submit draft plans for deployment of National Police on Wednesday during the coming month
National Medical Commission mandates strict screening of  patients before granting approval for new medical colleges or opening hospitals
New findings on how Long COVID affects the liver
Begin the fight A fragile India, a happy India
Disease prevention using genetically modified mosquitoes
Mobile phone addiction causes insomnia in all age groups
Is the Centre's care for the elderly cost effective?
Ministry of Health launches 100-day campaign to eradicate TB and AIDS
T.N. The cat's tail bites its forehead with sharp claws, says Udhayanidhi
How is Karnataka faring in the wake of the earthquake?
Amid the chaos, the hospitals in Kolkata said they would not discriminate, they would only accept patients from Bangladesh.
A practical treatment for dry skin at all stages of pregnancy
The access to the toilet for the disabled was delayed due to bad weather
Identifying the genetic pathways through which South Asians are most likely to acquire the disease, and improving treatment options.
the last stock of anti tuberculosis drugs says the bottle is empty
An annular solar eclipse affects the earth's climate
Why do patients treated for tuberculosis continue to live in shelters in India?
Skin cancers are more common in  nonsmokers, the airline believes
Life under the blanket in Haryana
Depression and mental retardation.
Washing the dishes may help some people with skin lesions to pass the exam.
The Centre is in the process of answering questions related to AIIMS in Kerala
Education in the field of psychology in India requires an intermediate body, a process of liberation from the tyranny of hierarchy
What is hemorrhagic fever?
The Kalaburagi wing of the Jayadeva Hospital will be open to the public by the end of December 2020.
Crusaders fighting for the welfare of the sick took the country by storm
Massive measles outbreak ravages northeastern Congo after 143 died
Distilled water is currently on the emergency food list
TN's largest government hospital employs consultants to talk to patients, visitors, solve their problems
It turned out that IV sewage was the culprit, Karnataka wrote to the Director of Public Prosecutions asking for an apology against the company in connection with the death of the parents in Ballari
India's history with AIDS and its aftermath
Toxins of tragedy in Bhopal.
Frontline workers in the food service industry support services for the disabled
Deaths from cold air and dust in the wake of death
The AAP prefers cotton to rubber to the residents
India's cities, their burden of incurable diseases
HIV prevalence in Telangana halved in 14 years as awareness of AIDS increased
40 years after the Bhopal tragedy, Union Carbide's shady practices are finally coming to an end
New HIV infection, mortality is rising, male prevalence is rising in Mizoram, Nagaland
The government should introduce HIV/AIDS vaccination under the Aarogyasri scheme to prevent the spread of the disease
Variants of the emerging H5N1 virus increase the risk of infection in humans
U.N. says keeps its eyes on the prize, focus on World AIDS Day
The shortage of CD4 testing kits in Karnataka is affecting HIV/AIDS patients
what do we need to do for an aids free society
Conference on Information Technology concluded in Kochi
A blood test centre at SCB Medical College, Cuttack will be a focal point for blood tests
Urgent need to curb the spread of HIV/AIDS, says AIDS Society of India
UNICEF expresses concern at the high rate of HIV infection among adolescent girls and women
HIV/AIDS prevalence is 0.16% in the U.S.
Of the 4.75 million people screened for sickle cell anemia, 0.38% said the virus had infected Nadda
Continuous efforts, innovations show the way forward in combating the HIV/AIDS epidemic in West Bengal
Governor supports bill allowing terminally ill patients to end their lives
There is no reliable data to confirm the precise cause of the pandemic due to global warming
NMC issues notice to 20 colleges in Karnataka regarding student loans
Indians need to bear the burden of preventing pregnancy.
It is estimated that mental illness will affect 15.3 billion people by the year 2050
Lokayukta's surprise attack on K.C. exposed General Hospital for embezzlement, corruption
Advances in the management of infectious diseases, whether natural or other, give doctors more opportunities to treat patients.
About 14 lakh Ayushman Vay Vandana cards have been issued to senior citizens above the age of 70, according to the Centre
Healthcare for doctors and residents in the country is better than that of WHO
WHO calls for increased surveillance of avian H5N1 among animals
A replacement for the box on the back of the box is a box of dark chocolate.
Mandaviya on Delhi government's implementation of elder care policy
AIG Hospital, Hyderabad has successfully launched India's first PillBot, a device that can be used only after an endoscopy
Increased spending limits access to deep breathing, the preferred treatment for children with dystonia, doctors said.
Outbreak of measles among children in Chennai, experts highlight need for emergency assistance
HIV/AIDS and drug addiction: a story of loss and transformation
The U.K. House of Commons will vote on euthanasia
Tamil Nadu Government's initiative to improve awareness of snakebite
Will insurance covering visits to doctors and medical examinations help reduce the burden of long-term care facilities?
Take this  heart attack  drug that causes cancer.
Advice from a panel of experts awaiting exemption from GST on rice, livestock
Another careless omission against MCH Code
India needs a bold approach to address the unavailability, affordability in cancer care
Preventing stillbirth requires reinterpreting the rules, improving parental care and developing better practices.
WHO experts recommend vaccines to prevent high blood pressure
Could blood transfusion be more effective than skin grafting for type 1 diabetes?
While praising the diet and exercise, experts said they were unable to control the disease and that the GLP-1 RA had mutagenic properties.
How Virtual Reality can help manage dementia and improve mental health outcomes in adults over the age of five
Remove Epigamia CEO Rohan Mirchandani from office due to sudden cardiac arrest.
VR can help people with intellectual disabilities recall fond memories by recreating familiar locations.
Cow's milk vs cow's milk, which is better for improving bone density and health?
Actor Ranbir Kapoor said that he had become septic.
By understanding the facts and circumstances, you can make an informed decision related to your situation.
How many patients with high BP actually get their full results?
IIT Madras researchers peer deeply into a child's brain, one part at a time
The rash that can be treated with medication is due to two factors that can easily be reversed.
Is blood sugar control more convenient with a fluidized bed valve?
Is it possible to soak this mushroom in blood by eating it in the morning?
Like a leaf with green leaves, it is rich in essential nutrients that can help you manage your diet.
AIIMS develops novel tool to detect skin cancer without collaboration How AI and ASHA workers work together to prevent injuries, help detect disease faster
India is reducing malaria deaths by 69% per capita, says WHO report
The aim is to collect data from across India that could help AI tools to identify the types of skin cancer that are most prevalent among Indian women.
How much of an  impact does the AQI have on every sector with the exception of Delhi
While maintaining its acidity in the blood, the product can also protect against high blood pressure.
Why do epileptic seizures suddenly appear in people who are young and seem vulnerable?
How to Recover Your Health After a Stroke
Is taking magnesium medication safe? The doctor changed the schedule
Change your lifestyle, drink your drinks responsibly and put them on the same level.
Zakir Hussain's recovery from cancer.
Could the risk of heart attack be triggered by 4 minutes of exercise in the morning, fasting, interacting with pets?
A new gene therapy for leukemia
When caring for the elderly is the real Ayushman.
Varun Dhawan handed over the paper that was stuck in his hollow belly.
How an Indian scientist discovered the lipid that controls the function of your bones and your immune system.
How Sharmila Tagore turned the 80's into the new 60's
How yoga can be your unforgettable 15-minute fitness routine
Prepare your meals beforehand as detox drinks can add to your effort.
Can lemon water really cleanse the skin?
Why do epileptic seizures suddenly appear in people who are young and seem vulnerable?
Both cricketers Imran Patel and K-drama actor Park Min Jae are in their late 30's when they both suffer from sudden cardiac arrest.
Why are the youth of Chennai adopting the latest version along with the HIIT version for cardiovascular fitness
Developed by a cancer research institute in Madras, it tests for and eliminates the harmful effects of obesity.
Is an avocado the new vegetable of the week?
Eat foods that can boost your memory and performance.
What habits can protect you from getting ulcerative colitis
These bumps are often the result of excessive use, lack of space, excessive movement, or prolonged exercise.
Can even one drink every seven days harm your skin?
On top of that the Indians preferred to drink beer, which added so much to the occasion that the skin couldn't repair itself as quickly.
What are the 3 yoga poses that can cure stomach ulcers?
By combining exercise with relaxation and movement, yoga can enhance your physical appearance.
What is the weather like?
The release of estrogen causes the retention of blood from the testes and platelets to the abdomen.
Is it Covid yet? AIIMS study shows one third of survivors cannot breathe after 2 years
In addition to decreased kidney function, doctors also reported changes in eating habits, mood swings and sleep apnea, for which complicated treatments are underway.
That bag of chips makes you look older
The chef suggested several alternatives to the specially prepared meals
Several patients fell into a coma because they didn't know how safe it was to take a Vitamin D supplement.
Understand the doctor and never buy pills without a doctor's prescription.
Is Greek meat the best dish?
traffic noise or noise, let's disrupt the internet
Does a protein bar or a fully digested egg elevate blood sugar in your blood?
Any item that came in a purse or bag, or was damaged, was marked with a warning label.
How the ugliness of the language, the new Oxford English of the year, can affect you.
A 25-year-old told how she pulled herself out of a ditch
The director of food safety announced that the water spilled on the tap was unsafe
Inspection is done every year before issuing a license, says the FSSAI.
How much bad cholesterol causes heart disease and how much should you lower it?
This is the best way to prevent recurrent heart attacks and ensure longevity.
Scientists explain how food acts as a defense mechanism
Researchers are still searching for foods that are safe or have other ingredients that work with newer techniques to improve yields.
Why are vegetables such novel foods that empower the body for cardiovascular health?
They're low in calories, zero iron and zero cholesterol.
How AI is discovering HIV hotspots and helping to reduce the burden of the disease
USAID Country Director for India, Dr Steve Olive, on why India's approach can work for others.
How do self-confident professionals get their own apps to prevent HIV infection
Online dating sites swipe to the left as young people leave dating sites to meet in real places.
What yoga exercises can cure joint pains?
In July, a study by AIIMS showed how yoga helps in the management of skin diseases.
Why protein and exercise at age 30 can help you enjoy age 60
A concussion should come from the big bones, not from the broken bones.
Are Ozempic and Wegovy intercessory prayers as effective as traditional ones?
Many patients still need to be treated with oral medications to treat their disease rather than injections, at least in the early stages, says a doctor who sees patients with the disease.
India's new vaccine for resistant skin disease and why is this a game changer?
First in its class to be produced in the world in 30 years, the efficacy of Nafithromycin is as high as 96.7 percent.
The new cure for diabetes and COPD in 50 years? A Lancet study showed a 30 percent drop in hospitalizations
The drug Benralizumab has been found to be more effective than steroids.
Does your vitamin D go down because of the cold, humid weather?
Use supplements only if you cannot get enough vitamin D from sunlight or food.
India is second among 57 countries affected. The pandemic is in full swing, officials said
Are all delicious foods really delicious?
What practices of pranayama can alleviate your anxiety?
There is a belief that only healthy foods can change your skin tone.
Can a tooth be dipped in blood?
All of this can be done indoors in a relaxed environment.
The emphasis is on fiber and snacks in this recipe.
How the Delhi earthquake affected this family for three generations
What practice can help us remain calm?
Being exposed to airborne PM 2.5, ozone and nitrogen dioxide, the youngest has a severe allergy to peanuts.
How to protect against heart attack during winter? Keep BP at 120/80 mmHg or lower.
While jaggery has some nutritional benefits, its main component is still milk, which produces odors.
Considering that Indians have many communicable diseases, the risk increases with the prevalence of BPH.
Why is Ranbir's career so successful
How much jaggery is okay for you to eat every day?
Hand exercises are very useful for your physical fitness because they work with different parts of your body.
How the discovery of the Nobel Prize winning microRNA changed the face of medicine and medicine.
Experts identify risks and suggest ways to avoid them
Beyond cancer, researchers across the country are collaborating with microRNA to search for and treat Alzheimers and other neurodegenerative diseases
Why do frogs have edible insects during the rainy season
Why do PM2.5 and PM10 affect children more than adults?
This is the time of year when food becomes plentiful
Why Navjot Singh Sidhu's cancer treatment is not the whole truth
Most of us carry around with us at home issues that shape our personality, affecting those we meet
Furthermore, dietary requirements vary from one individual to another depending on the disease and stage of the disease
How yoga exercises can help in pre board exam, speech impediments
Aamir Khan says he had an affair with his daughter Ira
Just try this combination of meditation and asanas
Even a small increase in PM2.5 can increase the risk of heart attack by 2.5 per cent in a day, reveals AIIMS study
Other risks may include stroke, heart failure and an irregular heartbeat
Not just the teeth, the surgery had witnesses how other organs were also affected
Sitting 10-plus hours a day?
Why can air pollution cause heart attacks?
The study showed how severe the effects of sedentary lifestyle were
Are carrots, freshly cooked carrots, better than cooked ones?
A joint study by AIIMS, Delhi and Imperial College, London, found that three different blood thinners are effective
Here we break the online ban on whether you should go for salads or soups
Why does skin cancer occur without warning?
Uncontrollable BP? AIIMS is testing a single drug that is five times more effective than current drugs
Its early symptoms are mild and easy to mistake for everyday ailments
Does the Delhi flood cause yellow fever?
Left Vocal Cord Paresis is a condition in which the left vocal cord is injured or damaged
This is the most severe and uncommon pneumonia affecting young people
Does the presence of iron in your blood cause iron deficiency anemia?
Singer Shekhar Ravjiani said he lost his voice
While much attention has been given to the physical management of this disease, much has been left to its impact on emotional and mental health
What foods to eat to combat PM2.5, to clear up debris?
You can protect against kidney disease by harvesting kidney during puberty and including it in your baby's diet for the first few years of life
Increase the amount of food that can act as a barrier against mold
Can the HPV vaccine taken once prevent breast cancer as well?
Congolese Dies of Hemorrhagic Fever, a New Disease
Children with a family history of either type 1 or type 2 diabetes are at increased risk for these diseases
Burn injury vs. injury, how to identify and correct each on the job?
Announce California Statewide Due to Bird Flu
Are You at Risk for Dementia?
A 36 year old male who doesn't smoke is not a serious skin cancer patient
However, despite his increasing symptoms and frequent visits to doctors, he was never referred for a dental x-ray.
What was the warning after the accident involving Ram Kapoor?
warning signs of heart disease in women
According to experts, six out of 10 people who get skin cancer are people who have never smoked in their lives
Why do your Period Signs get ugly during the winter?
Epilepsy? Don't Wash Your Hair Because It May Spoil It
But she could still get skin cancer even if you quit smoking
Why do you hear your heartbeat when you're lying on the pillow, and the tape may indicate something is wrong with your ears
Cancer Research UK estimates that up to 14 per cent of people with skin cancer in the UK have never smoked
India opens its first ever biobank to the public in Chennai to revolutionize medicine and healthcare
Make India's first ever Biobank for this disease.
Congo's deadly outbreak that killed 143 people is a serious malaria outbreak, authorities say
Man Died of Lung Cancer
Does Modern Life Force Us to Seek New Opportunities?
Louisiana's First Patient to Have Severe H5N1 Flu in the U.S.
How to protect skin with Psoriasis from skin rashes during winter
Horrible pictures pose a terrible threat just 6 hours of sleep a night takes its toll on your body
Are Your Skin Disease and Allergies Progressive?
Millions of people in Uganda are afflicted with a rare liver disease that leaves killers unable to breathe.
Hot water and soapy 2024 is my favorite ice cream
Bath Mistakes That Can Damage Your Skin
Can You Wash Your Teeth at Home?
A disease that transforms behavior into compulsive behavior, rapid healing, and global warming
Why Do Kidney Stones Fall Out in the Spring?
In an effort to combat one of the biggest challenges facing India's healthcare sector, India has opened its first ever biobank in Chennai
5 warning signs of heart disease that appear in your eyes before the month is out
A Girl Who Heard a Funny Noise in Her Ear Was Diagnosed With a Brain Tumor
A high intake of Omega-3 may be the key to slowing the spread of diabetes
Foot Injuries develop gradually with an orthopedic doctor explaining possible treatment options
Inflammation of the stomach leads to painful ulcers
According to the CDC, there are at least 10 million people with the disease and an estimated 13.6 million people with pre-existing conditions, among the highest rates in the world.
Happy Birthday turned deadly, how an allergic disease nearly took the life of a flight attendant
Lifestyle guide to improve fertility
This comprehensive study highlighted the gap between diabetes and obesity in India
According to an estimate by the International Diabetes Federation, nearly 134 million Indians will have the disease by 2045
Everything You Need to Know About Skin Polyp Infection and Sinus Healing
Can Stones in the Skin Lead to Cancer? Expert reveals
Your favorite foods are killing you by the minute
Does applying ghee to mouthwash reduce allergy in children?
Secrets That Hide in Your Ears and How to Protect Them
Bengaluru sees flu, airborne diseases on the streets
Have You Seen the Signs That Could Save Your Life?
Why Does Smoking Hurt Asthma Symptoms and How Can You Fight It?
Spring is the busiest time for bats
Public health experts in the UK have expressed deep concern following an increase in deaths from alcohol poisoning, which has now escalated to catastrophe.
According to the Alcohol Health Alliance, alcohol-related deaths increased by 42 percent since 2019
What Happens to Our Bodies When We Don't Bath in Hot Water?
According to the AHA, up to 9,000 people could lose their lives from cancer by 2023, and the number is alarmingly high.
How obesity triples blood pressure
Decades at Risk! New Study Reveals Paracetamol May Cause Heart and Kidney Injuries
What kind of skin cancer does NFL quarterback Randy Moss have?
THIS DISEASE MAY HELP TO CONTINUE ANxiety and Depression Symptoms in as little as two weeks.
Everyday Activities to Improve Your Kidney Health
Indian men at risk for the 5th deadliest cancer
India First! Removes cancer from joint by using robotic surgery
Canpur Garbage Patch Disposal Causes Kidney and Liver Disease in Residents
Does Vicks VapoRub clean the palate?
What exactly is U2 frontman Larry Mullen Jr. up against?
Can Reiki help relieve the symptoms of cancer?
A Mother Discovers Two Signs Her 7-Year-Old Son Has Diabetes
The actual injury may have been three strokes, the report said.
Packed a living heart through dirt roads in New Delhi, 20 Km In 27 Minutes
The first delicious dish is not rice
The 5 cancer diagnostics that should be on your radar by 2025
Study suggests cows may be carriers of bird flu
This Is One of the Most Important Blood Tests Ever
How Do Digital Devices Affect Your Vision, Increasing Your Risk of Headaches?
Your loved ones are often the first people to notice changes in your personality
What Is Spondylosthesis, the Serious Brain Injury Left Behind by Luigi Mangione?
Why did Pilate forbid abortions for boys and girls with disabilities?
Hormone imbalances and anxiety associated with stress can lead to irritable bowel syndrome (IBS)
Experts suggest managing anxiety, adopting fiber-rich foods, and consulting a doctor for possible symptoms
Aligarh girl gets her hair cut in public after being raped in horrific incident
Could Your Sanitary Pad Have Damaged Your Bathroom in Unexpected Ways?
What kind of diabetes did Hina Khan have while she was undergoing treatment for diabetes?
Doctors at AIIMS Delhi diagnosed a very rare skin cancer weighing 9.2 kg following surgery for stage 4 stage 10 skin cancer
First Signs of Disease Are Not Cancer or Cancer
Bird Flu in California Smallpox and the type of disease seen in animals
Suggestions for controlling blood flow during pregnancy
A patient with stage 4 stomach cancer has listed six symptoms he wishes he hadn't missed sooner
What Is the Translated Septuagint?  How Does Its Existence Affect Translation?
Are we doing enough to protect vulnerable women and children from the hidden dangers of violence?
It is defined as the development of extremely thick, flaky skin, difficulty in producing hair, or loss of hair growth
Could vitamin D be a recipe for aging gracefully?
Baby Fights for Life at Jaipur Hospital After Receiving AB+ Blood Test at O+ Level
Five deaths of young people infected with COVID-19 have been reported, Ministry of Health said
Jamie Foxx Reveals He Had a Spinal Cord Injury and a Stroke in 2023
Does Your Teen's Screen Age Affect Text Necklace?
Dengue Disease Spread Across America Nearly a Century Ago
Early warning signs of one of the worlds deadliest diseases
A woman's no worries cancer turned into a killer within two years
Leaving a Thai Singer Dead After Massage Is Just a Reminder of How Dangerous It Can Be
What is the bleeding on the head of Brazilian President Lula?
Accident Hazards That May Affect Your Car's Operation; Key Questions for Drivers
India's Myopia Crisis - Act Now to Save Our Children's Eyes
Can a cold sore cause ulcers in your stomach?
Vitamin D doesn't help with weight loss or strengthening
A Mysterious Disease, Dubbed Epidemic X, Spreads Across Congo as WHO Could Not Identify Its Source
Doctor Calls for This Extraordinary Technique That Can Transform Your Tooth Into A Tumor
Skin cancer among the men who worked on the 9/11 recovery program in New York skyrocketed
Are your eggs tender? The EPA has banned two cancer drugs
New Study Reveals How Fruits and Vegetables Protect You From Breast Cancer
Can a high fiber diet protect against bone cancer? A new study says no!
Can Moringa supplements give you acne-free skin?
Is tuberculosis more common than tuberculosis alone?
Is patient safety a lost art and a lost art?
Plague alert! Why do people who have been infected with leprosy need to watch out for this disease
Why Can Prolonged Sleeping Cause Cancer?
Marine with an unrelated skin disease diagnosed with cancer of the secondary pancreas
FDA may temporarily ban artificial fats from beverages, candy and other foods
Weather related injuries and easy ways to avoid them
How long does it take to reverse this disease?
Certain infectious diseases and even diseases can cause this disease
Fun Tips to Keep Your Kids' Eyes on the Prize
Shalini Passi says that OCD is a form of resistance
Lifestyle, personality, and skin disease
What is Kawasaki, the Rare Disease Affecting Munawar Faruqui's Son?
What is Pneumonia, a skin disease that Saira has been diagnosed with?
Why Do Most Heart Attacks Happen in the Emergency Room?
Measles outbreaks are on the rise across the US
What is gum disease and why is it so difficult to treat?
How new treatments for diabetes and diabetes mellitus are changing lives
What fat burning foods in your diet can improve skin function?
How to recognize and overcome GERD
Dr. Sehrawat recommends visiting a doctor for urgent and urgent cases of stomach ulcers
Does the Chair Hurt Your Eyes?
AIIMS Delhi is developing a cost effective treatment, using antibody based CAR-T cell therapy, for multiple myeloma, a rare blood cancer
Is your child allergic? The CDC warns that splash pads can cause waterborne illness
Based on B-cell maturation antigen (BCMA), this novel therapy aims to make advanced cancer therapies more affordable in India
Bird Flu, USDA launches nationwide testing of raw milk
Doctors at AIIMS, Delhi, are developing a novel antibody-based adaptive cellular therapy for the treatment of multiple myeloma, a rare form of blood cancer
A study conducted by AIIMS used BCMA as a platform to identify and isolate multiple myeloma cell types
Mexico outbreak, infected IVs claim 13 lives
Are Mushrooms Good Foods for You?
A Debilitating Disease Affecting Millions
World's First Breast Cancer Test Promises to Kill Breast Cancer Before It Is Too Late
Deaf Disease, How Our Irresponsible Policies Allay the Need for Higher Education
Why did the UK throw Dohkha and Crumpets under the bus?
Heart Attack is Not All Heart Attack
Know the junk foods you should eliminate from your list
Do you ever have panic attacks, bone pain?
What is Transgenderism, Transgenderism for which a Brazilian model is prepared to spend millions?
Good news, dark chocolate may be able to track down this silent killer
Outbreaks exceed 300, killing 79 in Congo
Can diet and exercise improve men's skin tone dramatically?
Bryan Johnson Carries Tickets on a Tendered Tour
Liver transplantation for recovery after stroke and liver injury
While available for experimentation, the technology has shown promising results in animal models
Unable to sleep? Could be due to stress but liver disease is life threatening
California Flood Control Tuesday After testing confirmed the presence of bird flu virus
Avian H5N1 New Influenza Yellow Fever Recently Identified
Secret clues you may need for your male fertility test ASAP!
Are Adaptogens a cure for obesity and improved health?
Is Your Heart Playing a Trick on You? Here Are Some Life Changing Surgeries for Congestive Heart Failure
61-Year-Old Man's Stroke and Serious Injury Concluded at Mumbai Hospital
Love Coffee Morning?
According to the National Cancer Registry, India will see 14,61,427 new cancer cases in 2022
THIS popular Christmas dish has something to do with the deadly disease Listeria
A deadly pandemic has swept across northeastern Congo
Experts blamed Navjot Singh Sidhu for allegedly knocking his wife out of the 4th floor with a highly processed meal
Delhi's air temperature has risen back to Severe
A 104-year-old ice rink in Shimla was opened for the occasion
Cyclists explore the Leh Basin by following winding roads and narrow mountain paths
Indira Gandhi International Airport in Delhi connects 150 destinations worldwide
Bald eagles return to Sultanpur National Park after 10 years
Uttarakhand plans to launch international ferry service at Tehri port to promote tourism
Ayodhya's Ram Temple won the coveted Sword of Honour for excellence in defence
The wilderness of Rajasthan becomes a popular summer destination for domestic and international tourists
Sikkim's new border patrol prevents tourists from leaving India
Vietnam offers resorts and a world tour for tourists from India
Bhutan's nature walks continue to attract tourists who understand nature
Ladakh's dried ponds offer excellent summer visits for tourists
Village tours of Kerala provide tourists with authentic village experiences
Goa hosts cultural events to showcase its Portuguese cultural heritage
Andaman birdwatching tours cater to bird lovers looking for peaceful adventures
Tourism in Nagaland uses traditional handicrafts to attract tourists
Sri Lanka's coastal railway network is challenging Indian families for leisure trips
Kazakhstan opened hiking trails for tourists
Vietnam's spas are emerging as prime holiday destinations for tourists from India
Villages in the hills of Uttarakhand offer guided nature walks
The annual Ice Stupa fair of Ladakh attracts tourists and artists alike
Kerala shows global demand for freshwater fish
Goa introduces a global tourism initiative to showcase cities that best suit its needs
Vietnam encourages Indian students to pursue international cooperation
The hill country of Sri Lanka attracts tourists from India and abroad
Kazakhstan partners with tourism companies to provide cheap flights to international tourists from India
The tourist attractions of Rajasthan cater to tourists looking for appointments at the palace
Sikkim's wildlife walks offer a choice between butterfly lovers and Indian wildlife
Nepal hosts World Heritage Sites for Indian tourists interested in natural history
Bhutan reports an increase in the number of tourists visiting its national parks and temples
Kerala introduces eco-lodges to attract international tourists willing to go on leisure trips
The Andamanese organized meetings to stop the miners from carrying out the underwater exploration
The tribal temples of Nagaland demonstrate the uniqueness of the state and attract foreign tourists
Wildlife walks of Ladakh attract attention among domestic and international tourists
A Vietnamese restaurant sells canned food to tourists from India who are looking for desserts
A must for tourists from India looking for Tamil movie stars
Kazakhstan's ancient Silk Road sites receive support from Indian history enthusiasts
Goa's healthcare facilities attract international tourists seeking luxury resorts
Rajasthan hosts international travel and tourism programs
Kerala launches global initiatives to promote its essential foods
They heard that the Andaman Islands are getting sunny as the best travel destinations
Vietnam offers river cruises for Indian tourists seeking adventure in the country
Nagaland Police World Cup wins recognition among fans of the potentially world record winning tour
Bhutan's tourism industry encourages tourists from India to seek out relaxing and peaceful resorts
Sri Lanka's neighborhoods attract cheap tourists and tourists from India
Sikkim's pedestrian streets witness an explosion of choice among India's youth
Kazakhstan has opened several hotels to attract tourists from India and abroad
Hotels in Rajasthan continue to be the preferred choice for weddings and special occasions
Vietnam focuses on tourism and hostels for international tourists from India
Kerala's botanical gardens attract tourists who are eager to get acquainted at the local level
Goa has enabled tamasans to revive tourism in the country
Nepal has designated Lumbini as the spiritual hub for Indian Buddhists
Hiking trails on the dried up rivers of Ladakh are gaining popularity among hiking enthusiasts worldwide
Sri Lanka's coral beaches attract potentially disruptive tourists from India and abroad
Nagaland launched a global initiative to promote sustainable development of the country
The Andaman Islands offer whale watching tours to attract wildlife enthusiasts
Vietnam's beach destinations ranked as must visit destinations for Indian tourists
Winter sports in Kazakhstan attract Indian tourists and snow lovers
The hot springs of Rajasthan get recognition from the world for their environmental impact 
Kerala's resorts attract solo travelers looking for comfortable accommodation
Sri Lanka offers amazing destinations to attract curious tourists from India
Goa attracts tourists interested in exploring the world
Wildlife sanctuaries in Nagaland are gaining popularity among tourists who love nature all over the world
The Andaman Islands' inexpensive boat tours attract tourists seeking adventures at sea
Vietnam offers guided tours of the island for Indian tourists who are interested in history
Nepals hilltop villages attract trekkers seeking Himalayan hiking trails
Include Kazakhstan among the successors of the Silk Road to promote India's global enterprise
Visa-free travel to Russia for international tourists from India could begin in 2025
Sunburn Goa 2024 will be from 28-30 December 2024
Visitors tour Jaipur's museums filled with art, architecture, and handicrafts
Bird watchers saw flamingos float into the deserts of Gujarat during their annual migration
Elliott Ferguson joins the board of Brand USA as Chairman for 2025
Tourists witness Varkala's rugged mountains overlooking pristine beaches and breathtaking resorts
Garuda Indonesia selected the most efficient roads to transport its vehicles from Sabre
Malaysia reached 1 million international visitors from India in 11 months with a growth of 71.7%
Tiger lovers visit Kudremukh forests full of wild animals and spectacular views of the forests
Taiwan Tourism appoints Paul as Director for Singapore office
World tourists visit the ruins of Lucknow that showcase Nawabi architecture and a rich history
Tourists seek out beautiful temples that reflect the wonders of India
UAE's toughest restrictions affect travel from India amid visa bans
Arunachal Pradesh tops the list of amazing tourist destinations
Goa continues to emerge as a highly sought after destination
Manali, Mussoori and Shimla witnessed the second increase in tourist arrivals
Renew Indian Railways to promote Heritage Tourism
International tourist arrivals rise to 30% in Andaman Islands
Kerala's rivers have been named among the top 10 safest rivers in the world
Uttarakhand plans to develop tourist and hill stations
Madhya Pradesh saw an increase in visits to wildlife sanctuaries this year
Bali community releases emergency packages to welcome Indian tourists and relatives
Thailand lifted visa requirement for Indian tourists this holiday
Vietnam is becoming a popular destination for tourists from India who are considering traveling abroad
Manali received the highest number of tourists during the monsoon this year
The beach welcomes trekkers and hiking trails in the Himalayas offer spectacular views
Sikkim prepares for winter tourism by improving facilities and amenities
Sri Lanka allows visa free entry for tourists from India to promote tourism
UNESCO recognizes India's historic sites as world heritage sites
Sri Lanka offers amazing places to attract curious tourists from India  Deccan Herald
Goa attracts tourists interested in exploring the world
Wildlife sanctuaries in Nagaland are gaining popularity among tourists who love nature all over the world
The Andaman Islands' inexpensive boat tours attract tourists seeking adventures at sea
World tourists admire the beautiful scenery of Rajasthan displayed in palaces and castles
Beachgoers relax under the Goa sun while enjoying seafood and desserts
Visitors are drawn to the gardens of Darjeeling offering scenic views and views of the mountains
Pilgrims visit temples in Tamil Nadu seeking divine blessings and spiritual peace
Explorers explore the Andaman Islands' coral reefs that display marine life and underwater wonders
Hindu Temple Tourism in Tamil Nadu is a spiritual and architectural journey
Monks chanting prayers inside temples in Ladakh, surrounded by snowcapped Himalayan peaks
Tourist walks through Meghalaya's vibrant jungle scenery
Tourists enjoy Mumbai's nightlife full of energy and delicious food
Tourists stroll through the historic sites of Delhi combining architecture with the joy of the present
Attractions in Rishikesh include white water rafting, bungee jumping, and other interesting activities await
Tiger lovers thrive in the valley of Kashmir which offers spectacular scenery and adventure
Hikers climb Sikkim's forested walkways and snowcapped hills
Visitors marvel at the palaces of Jaipur that showcase the royal history of Rajasthan and the beauty of the island
A tour of the gardens of Darjeeling is a wonderful adventure
Shoppers flock to Hyderabad markets offering Deccan jewelry, jewelry, and delicacies
Exploring the ruins of Hampi is a glimpse of the glory of the Vijayanagara empire
Devotees gathered in the forests of Varanasi to witness prayers and spiritual practices at the river
Exploring tourist resorts in Pondicherry is a collaborative effort of beach resorts
Meghalaya's natural attractions are its rivers, lakes, and protected wildlife
Coffee farmers take over Coorg's deep coffee plantations nestled among the lush green hills
Visitors enjoy the view of the Udaipur fort surrounded by palaces and beautiful gardens
Hyderabad attractions to explore include Charminar, Golconda Fort, etc
Sports enthusiasts flock to Chennai's stadiums filled with classical music and fireworks
Visitors are captivated by the vibrancy of the Nagaland Khnai which reflects the diversity and heritage of the Naga people
Tourists travel through the valleys of Bhutan to visit temples perched high in the Himalayas
World tourists admire the endless beauty of the Taj Mahal which shines brightly in Agra's sunshine
Tourists explore Shimla's architecture while surrounded by pine forests and mountain air
Tourists enjoy the beautiful views of Gangtok along with its impressive Buddhist temples
History buffs marvel at the architecture of Mahabalipuram that showcases India's rich heritage
Writers find hope in Kolkata's streets littered with art, literature, and history
Indian city of Patan showcases Gujarat's wealth in terms of infrastructure and tourism
Experts are looking for a new Bangalore campus that combines modernity with the artistic heritage of Karnataka
Visitors explore Vizag's coastline by visiting its beautiful beaches and fascinating maritime history
Boaters cruise the rivers of Alleppey offering safe passage through the shallow waters of Kerala
The Districts of Himachal Pradesh are Kullu, Manali, and beyond
Visiting the Hindu pilgrimage centre of Odisha is a gateway to the mystical traditions of the local people
Visitors witnessed the city implement the Auroville initiative that provides education in sustainable lifestyles
World tourists visit Mysore Palace which was brightened up during Dussehra with royal grandeur and elegance
Devotees visit Puri temple to observe various rituals and customs of Odisha
Exploring the architectural wonders of Fatehpur Sikri is a fascinating glimpse into Mughal history
World tourists cruise along the rivers of Rishikesh bringing together joy and peace of mind
Tourists drink water at the sacred pond of Pushkar during the world famous camel race
Mysore's main attractions are palaces, Dussehra temples, and silk sarees
Hikers climb the hills of Lonavala bathed in the rays of the rain and the fresh air
Animal lovers explore the Gir forest by watching the beautiful Asiatic lions of Gujarat roaming free
Families love Shillong's rivers surrounded by lush forests and lush vegetation
Tourists photograph the four - story houses of Jodhpur that hang out in the sunny desert of Rajasthan
A tour of the impressive ruins of Golconda Fort is a glimpse into the lost history of Hyderabad
Tourists wander through the ruins of Hampi to rediscover Karnataka's historic city with wonders on display
Pilgrims visit the Golden Temple of Amritsar for spiritual comfort and good food
Pilgrims gather at Madurai temple to pay homage to the magnificent architecture and art of Meenakshi
Tourists relax on the beaches of Diu by exploring Portuguese forts and beaches
History buffs visit the Ajanta caves with their deep caves and ancient Indian sculptures
Tourists relax at Kanyakumari by witnessing the sunrise over India's southernmost sea island
we should not bury the dead in tamil nadu
Tourism in Himachal is a tourist paradise
Visitors walk through the lush forests of the Sundarbans encountering Bengal tigers and fascinating wildlife
Wildlife parks in Karnataka: the best wildlife parks for bird lovers
you can get an idea of the houseboat by searching the back waters of Alleppey
Visitors enjoy the natural beauty of Kodaikanal with its lakes, rivers, and lush forests
Worshippers ascend to the hills of Tirupati to seek blessings at the revered Balaji temple in Andhra Pradesh
Visiting the holy temples of Varanasi is a spiritual journey
Resorts in the hills of Uttarakhand are the most popular holiday destinations for tourists
Families stroll through the gardens of Ooty surrounded by beautiful flowers and landscaped gardens
Artists take Alleppey's houseboats through the backwaters of Kerala
A walk through the gardens of Darjeeling was enjoyable
Hikers conquer the Zanskar routes offering snowcapped peaks and pristine Himalayan forests
Pilgrims contemplate at Bodh Gaya's Mahabodhi Temple under the Bodhi tree yesterday
Exploring French colonies in Pondicherry is a collaborative effort of researchers
The encounter in the desert at Jaisalmer was an unforgettable experience.
The trip to Rameswaram was an emotional one.
Tourists explore the Cherrapunji caves surrounded by flowing rivers and underground wonders.
The beauty of the moon is the beauty of the artist.
A tour of the ghost towns of Odisha is a tourist attraction.
The beautiful lakes of Meghalaya are the beauties of nature.
The tourists visited the rainforest of Agumbe, home to the monarch butterflies and spectacular sunset views.
Visitors stroll along the streets of Lake Araku admiring the lush greenery and the natural beauty of the islands.
A walk through the coffee plantations of Coorg was a pleasant experience.
Visitors stroll along the streets of Lake Araku admiring the lush greenery and the natural beauty of the islands.
Tourists take a leisurely stroll along Mumbai's beaches and nature reserves.
Pilgrims travel through the Tawang hills to visit the remote temples and attractions of Arunachal Pradesh.
Visiting the Buddhist temples of Ladakh is a spiritual journey.
Families love the hillside setting of Mount Abu which offers ponds, temples, and beaches.
Exploring the salt marshes of the Rann of Kutch is a jungle adventure.
The Indian city of Madurai is the epitome of tourism.
the tour of Jim Corbett National Park Wildlife was amazing and fun
The sheltered islands of the Andaman and Nicobar Islands are a true paradise.
The Silk Road Excursion in Sikkim is an easy visit.
Bhubaneswar's magnificent temples are a spiritual odyssey.
A visit to the galleries of Chennai is a party of sorts.
Hikers traveled through the wilderness of Spiti to explore the Tibetan Plateau among its natural wonders. Hikers visited the forests of Dandeli with guided hikes along the rivers and wildlife viewing tours
Pilgrims visit the temple of Lord Rameswaram to seek God's blessings on the holy coast of Tamil Nadu.
Travelers cruise along the banks of the Teesta River admiring the rapids and the incredible beauty of the Sikkim coastline.
Tourists relax on the pristine beaches of Gokarna offering peace of mind and spiritual cleansing.
Visitors enjoy the views of Mahabaleshwar overlooking the lush valleys and rolling hills
Wildlife enthusiasts photograph Kaziranga bears grazing peacefully in protected wilderness areas of Assam
Hikers visit the Dandeli forests with guided hikes along the rivers and wildlife viewing tours
World tourists visit Ajmer Dargah to seek blessings at the pilgrimage site of the famous Sufi mystics of Rajasthan
The majestic Himalayas are the best hiking trails for tourists
Families relax in the picturesque village of Lachen, which is surrounded by the snowcapped hills of Sikkim.
A trip through the desert villages of Rajasthan is a marvel of speed and beauty.
The holy temples of Varanasi are a sight to behold.
Cyclists travel through the narrow streets of Munnar through lush gardens and windswept hillsides.
World tourists visit the historic buildings of Agra behind the Taj Mahal.
Bird watchers love Bharatpur Wildlife Sanctuary to see migratory birds amongst the wildlife sanctuaries.
The secretive Wahduids of Chhattisgarh are obsessed with Mariang's untamed beauty.
Visitors marvel at the temples of Khajuraho that display the wonders of India.
Travelers cruise the waters of Lakshadweep by sightseeing mountains and sea creatures.
The underground bazaars of Jaipur are a tourist paradise.
The beautiful Tamasa of Gujarat showcase the beauty of nature and wildlife.
Tourists enjoy sailing in the Nainital bay amid the rugged Himalayan foothills and clear skies.
Visiting the Hindu Temples of Tamil Nadu is a spiritual journey.
Exploring the rugged rivers of Lakshadweep is an international tourist attraction.
World tourists are impressed by the magnificence of the Charminar which shows the architectural genius of Hyderabad.
Pilgrims flock to Srisailam Temple to seek blessings among the devotees of Andhra Pradesh.
Tourists visit Nagarjuna Sagar Lake with its rich history and spectacular water features.
Shoppers like to shop for bangles and folk items near the Charminar.
The tourists visited the coffee plantations of the Araku Valley, surrounded by lush green hills.
The tourists visit the Golconda Fort to reveal the history of Hyderabad amidst hidden monuments.
The devotees gathered at the Yadadri Temple to celebrate the spiritual pride and colour of Telangana.
Tourists appreciate the beautiful views of the Horsley Hills and the peaceful nature of the hill.
The Kuntala River is visited by honeymooners with great interest as it is the longest river in Telangana.
World tourists stroll past the Hyderabad palace to witness the beauty and history of the Nizam's era.
Visitors flock to Hyderabad's famous Necklace Street enjoying the peaceful walks along the beach and the beautiful sunrises.
Animal lovers chase wild animals in Kawal Wildlife Sanctuary among the lush forests of Telangana.
Families navigate their way through the city of Ramoji without breaking barriers and barriers.
Visitors appreciate the beautiful architecture of Birla Mandir which blends present and future.
Explorers visited Warangal fort to discover the remnants of the ancient Kakatiya kingdom of Telangana.
Visitors marvel at the Salar Jung Library in Hyderabad which houses various collections of world literature.
The tourists took advantage of the beauty of Anantagiri hill which is situated between the coffee plantations and the forests.
Visitors enjoy the serenity of Hussain Sagar at the city's famous Buddhist temple.
Tourists love the bird sanctuaries of Kolleru lake which are full of various species of birds that come to visit the town.
The tourists visited Bhongir fort by climbing the ancient walls and admired the natural beauty of Telangana.
Pilgrims gather at Chilkur Balaji Temple to seek blessings through various spiritual practices.
Tourists take pictures of Kakatiya Kala Thoranam which showcases the timeless beauty of Telangana
Tourists explore Pocharam Wildlife Sanctuary by spotting animals amidst the pristine beauty of the Telangana jungle
Families relax at Hyderabad's Cheruvu Temple enjoying scenic views of the pond and activities
Visitors marvel at Medak Cathedral that showcases Gothic architecture and historical significance
Wildlife photographers capture animals of the Deccan Plateau across various wilderness areas
Tourists explore the Vikarabad Hills by finding relaxing retreats among the four corners of the fort
Visitors meditate at the Caesaragutta Temple amidst shelter and sacred history
World tourists stroll through the bustling streets of Hyderabad eagerly shopping and dining on the streets
Visitors marvel at Hyderabad's famous Buddha statue on the banks of Hussain Sagar
Explorers visit Golkonda tombs to seek out the city's ancient history and Mughal influences
Families enjoy the Hyderabad Reservoir with its gardens, ponds, and waterfront parks
Cyclists ride on the outer ring road of Hyderabad by crossing long avenues full of traffic jams
Tourists visit Hyderabad's Shamirpet reservoir to enjoy its crystal clear waters and the four seasons of the year
Architects capture the sunny Hyderabad skyline that showcases heritage architecture
Tourists explore the temples of Karimnagar while capturing the spiritual heart and artistic treasures of Telangana
Tourists stroll through the forests of Eturnagaram admiring the beauty of the pristine jungle and sightings of fascinating wildlife
Pilgrims visit the Old Temple to seek divine blessings and spiritual healing
Pilgrims cruise the Godavari River enjoying the clear waters and scenic landscapes of the Deccan
Visitors appreciate the Hyderabad palace which showcases the wealth and splendour of the Nizam era
Families visit Hyderabad's Nehru Zoo with various kinds of wild animals
World tourists love Hyderabad's famous Market which showcases the magic of food during festive season
Wildlife lovers visit Pakhal Lake to enjoy the peaceful surroundings and observe migratory birds
Tourists love the picturesque Gandikota River and the Indian Ocean with its natural wonders
Tourists visit the Hindu sites of Telangana in search of sacred hills and centuries-old structures
Visitors walk through Hyderabad's ancient waterways displaying impressive architectural skills and heritage
Families appreciate the opening of Lumbini Park's water fountains and landscaped gardens
Pilgrims travel through the hills of Papi along the Godavari River in search of untouched coral reefs
Tourist visits Qutb Shahi tombs in Hyderabad showcasing the architecture of the Indo-Islamic religion
Honeymooners relax at Hyderabad's Osman Sagar Reservoir offering peace and tranquility
Visitors marvel at Telangana's thousand-leafed temple that combines deep architecture and spirituality
Pilgrims pray at Basar temple to seek wisdom from the blessings of Goddess Saraswati
World tourists visit Hyderabad's Taramati Baradari where they learn about the history of kings and the art of painting
Tourists wander through the jungles of Telangana taking in the rugged landscapes and vibrant lifestyle
Tourists visit the Devarakonda hills of Telangana and discover fascinating sights and historical sites
Architects take to the streets of Hyderabad's Char Kaman, which combines the history of the college with the beauty of architecture
Families relax at Shilparamam by picking flowers, handicrafts, and pottery
Visitors flock to Bonalu Village which showcases Telangana's rich cultural heritage and vibrant community spirit
Tourists explore the country of Gadwal by visiting the famous fort and its ruins
Pilgrims visit Bhadrachalam temple to pay homage to Lord Rama
Animal lovers flock to Pocharam Dam to enjoy the peaceful oasis among the lush greenery
Hikers hike through the jungles of Adilabad to discover hidden waterfalls and hiking trails
Families enjoy Hyderabad's rugged landscape by taking part in underground and extreme sports
Tourists explore the caves of Telangana with fascinating nature and historical significance
Visitors contemplate the temples of Alampur Navabrahma by visiting interesting spiritual and architectural sites
Hikers take Telangana's scenic hiking trails through lush forests
Families love Hyderabad's Mir Alam Tank for its relaxing resorts and boat trips
Visitors appreciate Hyderabad's historic Purani Haveli which showcases the magnificent Mughal architecture
Tourists appreciate traditional Telangana rugs that show off the latest style and rich artistic traditions
Tourists visit Ramappa pond relaxing among lush vegetation and fresh evergreen water
Tourism attracts tourists to Telangana by improving tourism and attractive streets
Visitors appreciate Warangal's Laknavaram beach, a safe haven with suspended platforms
Hunters capture various wild animals of Telangana within protected wilderness and wildlife parks
Tourists discover the Buddhist temples of Karimnagar that combine peace, history, and beautiful scenery
Pilgrims walk the streets of Tandur in Telangana looking for pebbles and rubble
Pilgrims gather at Dharmapuri Temple to appreciate the spiritual and religious diversity of Telangana
Families enjoy watching wildlife between the deer and the bush
Travelers explore Telangana's historic forts by reading letters of encouragement and souvenirs
Mahabubnagar reservoir is loved by tourists
Pilgrims wander through the jungle trails of Telangana enjoying the fresh air and peaceful solitude
Visitors marvel at the Nizamabad forts that showcase the architectural genius of the Deccan and the glory of history
The tourists visited the springs of Siddipet by taking part in various water sports and local activities
Families navigate Hyderabad's Jalavihar by taking part in fun activities and water sports
Visitors seek out traditional Telangana arts and crafts that emphasize craftsmanship and traditional handicrafts
Tourists enjoyed the Iranian cuisine of Hyderabad offered at the restaurants and takeaways of the state
Explorers visit the hills of southern Telangana to discover hidden tombs and shrines
Tourists visiting Rudreshwara Temple admire the walls surrounded by beautifully carved pillars and sturdy buttresses
Cyclists love to ride their bikes in the busy streets of Hyderabad and its suburbs
Tourists seek out Telangana's stone temples that blend the wonders of nature with the history of the island
Visitors relax at Hyderabad's Taramati Baradari enjoying songs, dances, and stories
World tourists visit Delhi Fort reviving Mughal history and culture
Visitors flock to Jaipur's Hawa Mahal in awe of its majestic architecture and royal grandeur
Mountain lovers hike through the Hampta Pass of Himachal Pradesh to experience the beauty of the hills
Pilgrims gather in the forests of Varanasi to soak up the spiritual refreshment of the Ganga
Tourists enjoy relaxing at Kerala's Kovalam Lake amidst its pristine waters and lush forests
Wildlife photographers visited the Ranthambore National Park by photographing Bengal tigers in their habitats
World tourists marvel at the Golden Temple of Amritsar that showcases Sikh piety and devotion
Tourists visit the Uttarakhand Flower Market looking for beautiful flowers and attractions
Families visit Mahabalipuram Beach Temple enjoying the beauty of the beach and sandy beaches
Travelers navigate the mighty rivers of Rishikesh by taking leisurely strolls among the rugged peaks of the Himalayas
Visitors stroll through Kerala's silent valley, taking in its lush greenery and diverse wildlife
Visitors contemplate the Bodh Gaya temple by finding rest under the sacred Buddha tree
Tourists visit Agra's Fatehpur Sikri to explore the wonders of Akbar's construction and historical sites
Cyclists explore Leh's roads by climbing long hiking trails and difficult hiking trails
Families enjoyed Shimla's self-guided walking tour through its parks and pine forests
Tourists relax in Mussoorie enjoying the beauty of the hills and the majesty of the Himalayas
Beach lovers visit Nainital by boat through the shallow waters and surrounding hills
Pilgrims visiting Rameswaram Temple, admire the divine power of Tamil Nadu's pristine beaches
Tourist walks through the ruins of Hampi showcasing the ancient city of Karnataka and its historical monuments
Animal lovers visit Periyar Wildlife Sanctuary to see the tigers among the dense forests of Kerala
Coffee growers take over Coorg's coffee plantations, which are surrounded by deep hills and lush valleys
Pilgrims visit Nubra Cave of Ladakh by crossing the jungles surrounded by snowcapped hills
Visitors relax on Goa's beaches by taking advantage of the seafood, nightlife, and beaches
Tourists visit the temples of Tirupati to discover the rich cultural heritage of Andhra
Families visited the gardens at Darjeeling to learn how to grow vegetables in the beautiful hills
World tourists flock to Meghalaya's vibrant landscapes combining adventure with the wonders of nature
Tourists explore the location of Pondicherry with an interest in the beauty of the coast and the history of the colonial rulers
Sikkim's temples are popular with tourists seeking a Buddhist retreat among the rugged hills
Tourists visit the Ziro Valley of Arunachal Pradesh to admire the beauty of the temples and the beauty of the landscapes
Pilgrims visit Puri temple by taking part in the famous Rath Yatra
Tourists explore the Chilika reservoir of Odisha by observing migratory birds and freshwater
Visitors walk along the paths of Khla Zanskar encountering long hiking trails and untouched nature reserves
Families relax at Dal pond enjoying relaxation on houseboats and beautiful views of Srinagar
Tourists admire the Ajanta caves for their fascination with ancient Indian art and Buddhist history
World tourists visit the fort of Jaisalmer in Rajasthan, enjoying the beauty of the jungle and its natural resources
Pilgrims gather at Haridwar temples to worship the spiritual deities of the river Ganga
Visitors climb the Munnar Hills enjoying the lush gardens and cool mountain air
Travelers cruise the shores of the Andaman Sea and discover coral reefs and marine life
Families relax at Kodaikanal beach, cruising among the windswept hills and lush vegetation
Tourists visit the palaces of Udaipur by crossing the palace grounds among the ponds and lush gardens
Photographers capture Kerala's Athirappilly River amidst lush jungles and pristine beauty
World tourists visit Gujarat's Gir Forest to observe Asiatic lions roaming their habitat
Tourists stroll along the paths of Lonavala taking in the spectacular views of the falls and rivers
Visitors flock to India's gateway city of Mumbai to learn about its maritime history and deep sea life
Pilgrims walk along Kedarnath roads encountering spiritual pilgrimage amongst the beauty of the hills
Birding enthusiasts relax in the Solang Valley of Manali looking for adventure and adventure destinations
Families walk through the Victoria Memorial in Kolkata admiring the architecture of the colonies and historical monuments
Tourist visits to Chandigarh Botanical Gardens featuring rare and exotic plants
Pilgrims climb Mount Abu temples to seek tranquility amid the rugged hills of Rajasthan
Tourists wander through the streets of Jaipur to buy handicrafts, furniture, and jewelry
Tourists photograph the Mughal gardens of Kashmir which showcase the beauty of flowers and the rugged Dal valley
Travellers navigate the Brahmaputra River encountering beautiful rivers and rugged landscapes of Assam
Families enjoy hiking along the banks of the Lavasa River to explore India's first major hill station
Tourists visit the Ajanta-Ellora caves of Maharashtra containing ancient structures and Buddhist temples
Tourism lovers head to Malshej Ghat to admire the beautiful hills and lush green vegetation of the region
Hikers contemplate Mount Kailash by embarking on a Himalayan spiritual retreat
Hikers hike through the Dzukou Valley of Nagaland in search of pristine forests and untouched landscapes
World tourists visit Chittorgarh fort in Rajasthan to witness India's rich heritage and culture
Visitors relax at Auroville Cathedral while enjoying peace amid the wonders of modern architecture
Pilgrims visiting Gujarat's Rann of Kutch get a glimpse of pristine jungle and salt marshes
Families visit Meghalaya's Shillong hill experiencing the beautiful scenery and serene atmosphere of the hills
Tiger lovers visit a wildlife sanctuary in Maharashtra to see beautiful birds and plants
Hikers ascend the Kinnaur Valley of Himachal through valleys and snowcapped hills
Tourists visit Tamil Nadu's Kanchipuram Temple with an emphasis on silk weaving and spirituality
Tourists stroll through the historic fort of Lucknow with an appreciation of Nawabi architecture and history of the fort
Visitors marvel at the Sanchi Stupa that displays images and ancestors of ancient Indian Buddhists
Artists take over Himachal Pradesh's palace that showcases medieval beauty and picturesque landscapes
Families like to capture the vibrancy of the community and the beauty of nature
Tiger lovers visit Arunachal Wildlife Sanctuary to see beautiful tigers and birds
World tourists love the temples of Varanasi that light up the banks of the Ganga during their favorite nightlife
Visitors appreciate the lush green gardens of Mahabaleshwar for their fresh fruits and the serenity of the hills
Pilgrims hike to Kedarnath Temple to seek divine blessings amidst spectacular scenery
Travelers discover Kerala's hiking trails among coffee plantations and deep forests
Tourists visit the Spiti Valley of Himachal for its remote temples and scenic wilderness
Tourists stroll through the beautiful valleys and hills of Himachal at Bir Billing
Scuba lovers explore the world heritage site of Gujarat by displaying amazing sea creatures and wildlife
Families love Auli's ski resorts for exploring India's winter wonderland amongst the snowcapped mountains
Visitors see the whitewashed houses of Jodhpur glowing in the clear blue sky of the jungle of Rajasthan
Tourists visiting Himachal Pradesh enjoyed the scenic drive through the rugged rivers and remote places
Tourists visit the Varkala hills of Kerala appreciating the beautiful views of the sea and the rugged coastline
Tourists contemplate the shrines of Rishikesh that embrace tranquility on the banks of the Ganga
Tourists visit the Mechuka Valley of Arunachal to explore the diversity of ethnic groups and the untouched beauty of the Himalayas
Families love Gujarat's Diu beach to explore Portuguese ancestry and sunny beaches
Tourists visit the Konark Sun Temple of Odisha marveling at its architecture and depth of field
Honeymooners visit the Kasol Valley of Himachal enjoying peace along the river and lush forests
Tourists love the city of Mawlynnong in Meghalaya, the cleanest city in Asia in the middle of the Indian Ocean.
Visitors admire the Pushkar pond of Rajasthan while admiring the beautiful horses.
Jewel lovers visit the Kaas hill of Maharashtra, India's very own Jewel Valley.
Hikers take the scenic route to Kedarnath, passing through rugged mountain roads of Uttarakhand.
World tourists visit the Dharamshala of Himachal, discover the culture of Tibetans and the wonders of the Himalayas.
Families relax at Kerala's Varkala Lake, which combines majestic mountains with rugged beaches
Tourists visit Pangong Lake in Ladakh, marveling at its winding roads and rugged terrain
Wildlife enthusiasts visiting Assam's Kaziranga Park, witness wild animals frolicking amidst dense vegetation
Photographers capture the Amer fort of Rajasthan, glittering under golden sunsets and the majesty of history
Tourists stroll through the Charminar of Hyderabad, getting a taste of street food and local amenities
Tourists love the Puri beaches of Odisha, which blend sacred tourism with the beauty of the beaches.
Election Commission guidelines recommend adjusting election expenses when possible
The Supreme Court's decision was overturned in favor of improving certain matters
The Prime Minister's announcement promised job opportunities for the upcoming election
Prime Minister's relief agencies begin assisting abandoned farmers
Plans are underway to hold national elections next year
The government's new police force aims to deter illegal immigrants from entering the country
Opportunities to transform digital media in Taiwan to combat the effects of disinformation
The Minister of Finance introduced amendments to the bill to ensure that the bill is passed as soon as the bill is passed
The electoral rolls are beginning to reveal the issue for young people
Supreme Court ruling on misuse of electoral funds
Speech on placing women in the Lok Sabha among the various committees
The government's bilateral agreements aim to strengthen cooperation among countries around the world
Prime Minister's development projects announced for infrastructure upgrade
Police officers protested against the imposition of lockdown
Install emergency power switchgear for emergency use
Prime Minister of India delivered speeches at World Summit
The bizarre injustices of the criminal justice system silence the issue of whether justice should be done according to the rule of law
Lowering the minimum wage is a way to reduce the incomes of the middle class
Lok Sabha members adjourned due to concerns over price hike
The government's green energy initiatives aim to reduce carbon emissions across the country
Chief Minister Jylla's Water Supply Department announced a plan to improve the affected districts
Her protest march met demands amid ongoing farmer protests across the country
The lower court rulings sought to amend the existing police regulations
Election Commission re-voting orders in constituencies revealing discrepancies in voter turnout
Prime Minister Modi also held talks with various leaders across the country
The speaker moved a bill in the Lok Sabha to approve the revised curriculum
Government's investment in digital infrastructure poses a major challenge to decrease access to technology across the country
Police took to the streets against protesters as injustice to farmers' rights
Supreme Court updates voter registration form to ensure accuracy of voter registration
Prime Minister Jylla's health policy aims to improve access to healthcare in rural areas
A review of the Election Commission's global announcements led to the establishment of uniform electoral procedures
Prime Minister holds press conference with visiting world leaders
The government's economic policy encourages poverty alleviation
The cook cook cooked the potato for the potato salad and the potato salad
The digital governance of the Lok Sabha allows for efficient public service
Court ordered red-headed police officers to remove barriers in the street
Police violence against women occurs when there is a shortage of skilled workers in the financial sector
Election Commission voting machine test to establish confidence in primary election
Government's affordable housing projects launched for the welfare of rural residents
The Chief Minister supervised the country's highways to ensure implementation of the project on time
Prime Minister Jylla's water supply projects aim to alleviate the problems of farmers in water scarcity
Police agenda across the country is against schedule due to long lockdown
Police officers in charge of enforcing court rules to ensure access to library
Speech in the Lok Sabha on Road Construction to Increase Industrial Production
Government training programmes are beginning to address youth unemployment
Electricity consumption monitoring improves the efficiency of electricity generation
Chief Minister police set off fire that may have triggered a riot to reduce confidence in land mines
Minister Jylla's allocation has been exhausted for the reconstruction of the affected islands
Opposition parties lowered the price of petrol by imposing government price adjustment plans
Supreme Court upheld decisions for development projects
Resolution of the National Defence Council of the Lok Sabha to extend the powers of the National Defence
Government poverty reduction programmes strengthen the inclusion of marginalised communities
Violations of Election Commission rules hamper fair election conduct
Prime Minister moderates interstate water disputes for mutual benefit
Prime Minister Jylla initiated measures to disrupt telecommunications
Calls for changes in public health are rising amid ongoing disruptions in disease control
Parliamentary elections are taking place amid heated debates
Address Lok Sabha internet freedom issues to prevent online speech
The government's smart city projects fund is aimed at improving the city's infrastructure
Plant nomenclature international election commission recommendation to protect against mosquitoes
The Prime Minister's reshuffle is likely to attract foreign investors into the industry
Chief Minister approves clean drinking water projects for rural households
The corporate income tax is a tax advantage for large corporations
Supreme Court doors to become backstage passenger information centers to protect against unauthorized access
Women in the Lok Sabha were advised to maintain gender equality
Government cyber security agencies strengthen protection of citizens' data from threats
Announcement of election results to encourage maximum participation
Prime Minister's public transport reforms facilitate improvement of road traffic
Prime Minister Jylla's legacy restoration projects launched to boost tourism
The increase in the rate of GST is accompanied by an increase in the burden imposed on small businesses
Special judgments of the Permanent Court of Arbitration for the Protection of Indigenous Peoples
Talks in Lok Sabha on telephone police to impose restrictions on 5G usage
Government forestry offices set up to improve the quality of the rice
Election procedures are checked during the election to the state house
Prime Minister's anti-smoking measures revealed at Cabinet meeting
The Prime Minister has improved the infrastructure he announced for the park
Interrogation of corrupt police officers at the time of setting up the police station
Supreme Court rulings to resolve civil cases to improve administration
Lok Sabha housing projects aim to improve access to urban areas
Government overseas development programmes aim to reduce poverty in developing countries
Election Commission youth assemblies provide training for first time voters
The provision of Prime Minister's tea tea has grown to include the largest number of beneficiaries
Ministry of Education's curriculum promotes quality education
Its inability to keep up with inflation is reflected in the price of raw materials
Judicial review of elections at the federal level prioritized for timely review
Budget of Lok Sabha for emergency preparedness
State police to smuggle illegal drugs out of the country facilitate illegal smuggling of illegal drugs
More sophisticated electronic components enable protection against electronic interference
The Prime Minister has drawn parallels with the creation of the universe to illustrate the effects of global warming
Prime Minister's digital announcements hit the streets and public places
Changes in the governing body of the party affected the mood of the assembly
Supreme Court Rules on Improving Litigation
Speeches on amendments to the Rules of the Lower House of the Lok Sabha to update the Rules of Procedure
The funding of the projects has hampered the government's efforts to protect historic sites
Voting procedures by election commission tests to increase remote voting capacity
Provide incentives to the Prime Minister's daughters to advertise the book
The artist's small business expenses were incurred to promote the book in Thailand
The rate of change of the bill is equal to the rate of change of the price of the note
The riots undermined the judiciary's overwhelming focus on citizen protection
Lok Sabha's advanced technology initiatives aim to combat climate change
Implementation of new electricity grid standards to improve electricity supply
Electricity switches on the roof allow for improved lighting in the building
The Prime Minister's announcement promised roads for the forthcoming elections
Prime Minister Jylla's relief agencies begin targeting marginalized communities
Opposition parties agree to conduct elections jointly
The government's new police force has been introduced to deter foreign tourists
Opportunities to retrieve digital information from the Taiwanese embassy to combat the spread of misinformation
Minister, amendments to the Constitution were introduced to ensure the country's independence
The electoral rolls are beginning to increase participation for young people
Supreme Court ruling on misuse of electoral funds
The debate on the status of women in the Lok Sabha was among several issues
The government's bilateral agreements aim to strengthen cooperation between countries
Prime Minister's development projects announced to upgrade infrastructure
Police officers protested against the imposition of lockdown
Install emergency electrical switchgear
The Prime Minister of India addressed the World Economic Forum
The bizarre injustices of the criminal justice system silence the issue of justice
A tax exemption for a plastic surgeon is a way to reduce the burden on individuals
Lok Sabha members suspended for price gouging
Government's green energy plans aim to reduce carbon emissions
Advertise municipal water supply routes for affected districts
Her protest march met demands amid protests by farmers across the country
Supreme Court cases involve police officers
Election redistricting laws in constituencies with absentee voting
Chief Minister extended his interaction with the leaders of the provinces
Speaker amended the bill in the Lok Sabha to update the syllabus
Government restrictions on digital products place a high priority on reducing access to technology
Police took to the streets against protesters as they were unfair to the villagers
Supreme Court revises electoral law to ensure integrity
Prime Minister Jylla's health policy aims to improve rural areas
A review of the Election Commission's global announcements led to confirmation of the agreement
Prime Minister holds talks on genealogy with world leaders
The government's economic policy encourages poverty alleviation
The cook cook cooked the potatoes for the potato salad and the potato salad
The digital governance of the Lok Sabha allows for efficient administration
The court directed the police officers of the high court to investigate the matter
Police clashes with rival appeared when discussing money laundering
Test of election voting machines to determine eligibility
Government low cost housing projects launched for rural residents
The Chief Minister supervised the pipelines to ensure the implementation of the project
Water supply projects of Chief Minister Jylla agreed to construct a water treatment plant
The police agenda across the country is against the grain due to the shortage of personnel
Police officers in charge of enforcing court procedures to ensure compliance
Speeches in the Lok Sabha on Road construction to boost manufacturing
Government incentives are beginning to address unemployment
Election observation improves transparency
Chief Minister police set off fire that may have triggered a riot to rebuild trust
Prime Minister Jylla's aid money has been spent on the islands
Opposition parties raise the price of petrol to require the government to negotiate
Supreme Court rulings on projects
Dissolution of the Lok Sabha to strengthen stability
The government's poverty reduction programmes strengthen the capacity of developing countries
Violations of Election Commission rules strain integrity
Prime Minister facilitates interstate water connections to collect sewage
Chief Minister Jylla launches measures to curb traffic jams
The pandemic has changed the way people respond to emergencies
Parliamentary elections are held in odd numbered years
Speak to the internet freedom of the Lok Sabha to delay the debate
The government's budget for infrastructure projects is too low
An overview of the international standards for the prevention of terrorism
Prime Minister's reshuffle hurts consumers
Prime Minister approves clean drinking water projects for families
Corporate taxation is a source of profit for businesses
Supreme Court doors to become backstage news anchors to prevent corruption
Women empowerment bills in Lok Sabha aim to increase participation
Government cybersecurity policies strengthen data protection
Election announcement to voters to encourage participation
The Prime Minister's plans to upgrade the public transport system are causing confusion.
Rehabilitation projects of Chief Minister Jylla's ancestral homes are underway for environmental reasons
The increase in the rate of GST is accompanied by an increase in the burden borne by the private sector
Special prosecution of corrupt police officers for corruption
Lok Sabha Police telephone calls to prevent interference in broadcasting
Government forestry offices are set up for the protection of the environment
Reversing the direction of the current affects the time of the current
Prime Minister's corruption scandal revealed at Cabinet meeting
Prime Minister improves infrastructure announces budget
Government police negligence inquiries during lockdown
Supreme Court rulings to resolve civil litigation to improve administration
Lok Sabha integration projects aim to improve accessibility
Traveling abroad for business purposes is a major source of income for me.
Election Commission's youth orientation sessions provide education to voters
The provision of Prime Minister's toilet paper has increased the number of beneficiaries
The chief minister's school reform plans were announced to improve the literacy rate
Its inability to keep up with inflation is reflected in the price of raw materials
Election proceedings at the Supreme Court are urgently being held for review at a later date
Budget of Lok Sabha for emergency preparedness
The immigration police allowed him to carry a driver's license
Advanced electronic lock mechanisms provide protection against theft
The Prime Minister has imposed restrictions on the availability of air to create confusion
Prime Minister's digital announcements hit the streets
Changes in the governing body of the party affected the mood of the assembly
Supreme Court Judicial Appointments for Improving Integrity
Motions for amendments to the Rules of Procedure of the Lower House of the Lok Sabha to amend the Rules of Procedure
The money for the projects weakened the government's efforts to protect the illegal drugs
Voting procedures by election commission test remote voting systems
Provide incentives to women entrepreneurs of the Prime Minister's Office for promotion
Prime Minister's junior minister's salary goes up for them getting a paper in thailand
The rate of change of the interest rate is inversely proportional to the interest rate
The allegations undermine the high court's reasoning in favour of defence
Lok Sabha's advanced technology initiatives aim to counter corruption
Announce the election date for the next general election
Supreme Court order against allowing voting irregularities
Prime Minister launches revitalization projects to upgrade railway infrastructure
The Chief Minister recently launched several schemes aimed at supporting farmers
Opposition parties formed coalition to contest the elections
The government brought in police to stop illegal immigrants from entering the country
Parliament debates new law to streamline digital media
The Minister of Agriculture presented a paper emphasizing the importance of stability and sustainability to the project
Election Commission launches voter registration campaigns targeting young voters
The Supreme Court hears cases related to recent changes in the housing market
Lok Sabha approves bill granting women seats in lower house
The government signed agreements to strengthen ties with neighboring countries
Advertise emergency projects to upgrade infrastructure across the province
Opposition parties challenged the government's decision to impose zero tolerance during the lockdown
An electric fence employs safety measures to prevent electricity from leaking during an emergency
The Prime Minister emphasized the importance of international relations at the World Summit
Supreme Court rules on issues related to online speech barriers
Ministry of Finance proposes tax reform aimed at benefiting middle class families
Lok Sabha adjourned after heated debate on vehicle prices
Government supports renewable energy projects to combat climate change
Chief Minister extended financial assistance for flood relief in affected areas
Opposition parties demanded the removal of newspaper articles that sparked controversy at a time of nationwide unrest
The sheriff's office is prosecuting public interest cases that violate recent police regulations
The law requires reelections in constituencies that admit voting irregularities
Prime Minister talks about joint ventures with industry leaders
Lok Sabha debates bill to amend compulsory education to improve educational standards across the country
Government prioritizes investments in digital infrastructure to improve access to technology
Opponents accuse landlord police of being unfair to foreclosed tenants
Supreme Court orders update of voter registration to ensure voter integrity
Chief Minister announces emergency measures to improve sanitation facilities in rural areas
Electronic filtering allows monitoring of advertisements globally for tracking purposes
The Chief Minister held a series of talks with friends from abroad
The government is strengthening rural employment initiatives to alleviate poverty effectively
The toilet paper dispenser uses plastic bag for toilet paper and toilet paper
Lok Sabha introduces digital governance to boost public service
A black-headed woman accused police officers of violating traffic laws
The incident exposed the shenanigans of the police while discussing money laundering at the Thai embassy
Election Commission tests voting machines to verify election integrity
Government initiates affordable housing projects for rural residents
Chief Minister supervises water supply projects to ensure timely implementation
Minister of Agriculture approves water treatment projects to address rural water scarcity
Protests disrupt police agendas across the country due to lack of manpower
The mayor advised the police to install security measures at the school.
Lok Sabha calls on the government to demolish roads to boost manufacturing
Government launches programmes to reduce youth unemployment
Electricity grid improves efficiency of electricity generation for district heating
Prime Minister calls for renewable firepower police to reduce dependency on mines
The Prime Minister recently approved a grant for a wind farm for the redevelopment of coastal areas
Protesters are fighting to raise the price of gasoline, demanding that the government bear the brunt of the cost.
Black Hat is responsible for protecting the environment for development projects
The Lok Sabha passed a resolution on defence to strengthen the defence capability of the country
Government strengthens efforts to reduce poverty among marginalized communities
Election Commission imposes ethics standards to ensure fairness
The Chief Minister moderated the flow of water between the districts for the purpose of connecting adjacent reservoirs
Chief Minister Jylla launches initiatives to help villagers repair underground tunnels
The resistance demanded a change in social norms amid the pandemic
The Supreme Court upheld the electoral boundaries in health care cases
Speak to the Lok Sabha on internet freedom to curb online speeches
The government is spending money on smart city projects that reduce road congestion
The electoral college voted unanimously to approve the naming of land for protection against invasive species
The Chief Minister proposed to restructure the industry to attract foreign investors in the manufacturing sector
Prime Minister approves clean drinking water projects for rural households
The opposite is the corporate tax rate which benefits large corporations
The Supreme Court ruled unanimously on the constitutionality of the bill to protect against arbitrary interference
Lok Sabha approves bill to promote gender equality
Government strengthens cyber police to protect citizens' information from threats
The electoral college initiated the process of voting by encouraging participation by the majority
Prime Minister launches plans to upgrade public buses for improved public transport
Prime Minister launches heritage preservation projects to promote tourism
Opposition challenged the validity of GST, claiming that it was a burden imposed on small businesses
Black-haired girl punishes police officers for harassing vulnerable people
Lok Sabha debates telecommunications policy that imposes restrictions on implementation of 5G
The government introduced forest fires to reduce deforestation
The electoral college takes into account the preferences of the candidates during the election to the upper house
The Chief Minister introduced measures to protect the environment at the state government meeting
Chief Minister announces improvement in public transport
The opposition questioned the omissions of the state police in carrying out the raid on the teahouse
The Prime Minister has proposed various measures to reduce the burden on the people
Lok Sabha approves rural development projects to improve access to urban areas
The government is supporting initiatives to promote tourism abroad to promote sustainable development in the country
Election Commission conducts youth awareness sessions to educate first time voters
The Chief Minister extended the availability of the vaccine to other beneficiaries
Publicly announce plans to construct schools for rural education
The controversy refers to the inability to manage the market amid growing consumer awareness
The judiciary at large prioritizes judicial review of elections for timely remedies
Lok Sabha allocates emergency funds to prepare for emergencies
The government allowed the police to travel abroad to collect the farmers' register
The electric fence provides additional protection against electric shock
Prime Minister signed agreements with the government of India to implement the earthquake
Chief Minister distributes digital advertisements in rural and remote areas
Opposition opposes changes to the fire code due to budget cuts and worsening unemployment
Black Hat evaluates judicial procedures to improve transparency
Lok Sabha debates amendments to the Rules of Procedure of the Upper House
The government is spending money on projects to stop the spread of the virus
The electoral college tests voting procedures for remote voting and may obtain
The Chief Minister launched a campaign to inform rural women not to smoke in public
The artist donated the money for a small street project to get the book published in Thailand
The opposite implies delay in adjusting the rate because delay is inevitable
The Black Cabinet deals with violations of fundamental rights for the protection of citizens
The Lok Sabha supported green technology initiatives to combat climate change.
Court of new leaders in nav satyagrah baithak Congress president mallikarjun kharge
Bihar Chief Minister Nitish Kumar cancelled Pragati Yatra following the resignation of Manmohan Singh
Honorable Prime Minister Manmohan Singh retired at the age of 92
Congress to focus on land reform by 2025 says Mallikarjun Kharge
Rachna Shah was appointed as DoPT Secretary, becoming the third Secretary this year
Congress wants an end to tax evasion, wants help for poor and middle class
BJP approves Rs 2,244 crore budget for 2023-24 and Congress Rs 289 crore
Mayawati accused the Congress of disrespecting Ambedkar, and opposed the capitalist system
Chief Justice Uddhav Thackeray reshuffled the status of the Shiv Sena (UBT) in Mumbai ahead of the BMC vote.
Sandeep Dikshit was present at the Delhi LG on the AAP's Mahila Samman programme.
The Election Commission reported that 86% of votes were wasted in the recent Lok Sabha elections.
Muslims won at least 63% of the vote in the 2024 Lok Sabha elections.
The RJD has indicated its willingness to rejoin the JD (U) if the relationship with the BJP is terminated.
Mallikarjun Kharge threatened to tear up and denounce the allegation that the BJP is spreading lies.
The BJP maintains that the Congress does not respect Ambedkar, but favors the rich.
Chief Justice Uddhav Thackeray reshuffled the status of the Shiv Sena (UBT) in Mumbai ahead of the BMC vote.
AAP's Mahila Samman campaign was launched by Delhi LG chairman Sandeep Dikshit.
The Election Commission reported that 86% of votes were wasted in the recent Lok Sabha elections.
Muslims won at least 63% of the vote in the 2024 Lok Sabha elections.
The RJD has indicated its willingness to rejoin the JD (U) if the relationship with the BJP is terminated.
Mallikarjun Kharge threatened to strike back and denounce the allegation that the BJP is spreading lies.
The BJP maintains that the Congress does not respect Ambedkar, but favors the rich.
Chief Justice Uddhav Thackeray reshuffled the status of the Shiv Sena (UBT) in Mumbai ahead of the BMC vote.
AAP's Mahila Samman campaign was launched by Delhi LG chairman Sandeep Dikshit.
The Election Commission reported that 86% of votes were wasted in the recent Lok Sabha elections.
Muslims won at least 63% of the vote in the 2024 Lok Sabha elections.
The RJD has indicated its willingness to rejoin the JD (U) if the relationship with the BJP is terminated.
Mallikarjun Kharge threatened to strike back and denounce the allegation that the BJP is spreading lies.
The BJP maintains that the Congress does not respect Ambedkar, but favors the rich.
Chief Justice Uddhav Thackeray reshuffled the status of the Shiv Sena (UBT) in Mumbai ahead of the BMC vote.
AAP's Mahila Samman campaign was launched by Delhi LG chairman Sandeep Dikshit.
The Election Commission reported that 86% of votes were wasted in the recent Lok Sabha elections.
Muslims won at least 63% of the vote in the 2024 Lok Sabha elections.
The RJD has indicated its willingness to rejoin the JD (U) if the relationship with the BJP is terminated.
Mallikarjun Kharge threatened to strike back and denounce the allegation that the BJP is spreading lies.
The BJP maintains that the Congress does not respect Ambedkar, but favors the rich.
Chief Justice Uddhav Thackeray reshuffled the status of the Shiv Sena (UBT) in Mumbai ahead of the BMC vote.
AAP's Mahila Samman campaign was launched by Delhi LG chairman Sandeep Dikshit.
The Election Commission reported that 86% of votes were wasted in the recent Lok Sabha elections.
Muslims won at least 63% of the vote in the 2024 Lok Sabha elections.
The RJD has indicated its willingness to rejoin the JD (U) if the relationship with the BJP is terminated.
Mallikarjun Kharge threatened to strike back and denounce the allegation that the BJP is spreading lies.
The BJP maintains that the Congress does not respect Ambedkar, but favors the rich.
Chief Justice Uddhav Thackeray reshuffled the status of the Shiv Sena (UBT) in Mumbai ahead of the BMC vote.
Comment by Delhi LG's Sandeep Dikshit on AAP's Mahila Samman issue.
The Election Commission reported that 86% of votes were wasted in the recent Lok Sabha elections.
Muslims won at least 63% of the vote in the 2024 Lok Sabha elections.
The RJD has indicated its willingness to rejoin the JD (U) if the relationship with the BJP is terminated.
Mallikarjun Kharge threatened to strike back and denounce the allegation that the BJP is spreading lies.
The BJP maintains that the Congress does not respect Ambedkar, but favors the rich.
Chief Justice Uddhav Thackeray reshuffled the status of the Shiv Sena (UBT) in Mumbai ahead of the BMC vote.
Comment by Delhi LG's Sandeep Dikshit on AAP's Mahila Samman issue.
The Election Commission reported that 86% of votes were wasted in the recent Lok Sabha elections.
Muslims won at least 63% of the vote in the 2024 Lok Sabha elections.
The RJD has indicated its willingness to rejoin the JD (U) if the relationship with the BJP is terminated.
Mallikarjun Kharge threatened to strike back and denounce the allegation that the BJP is spreading lies.
The BJP maintains that the Congress does not respect Ambedkar, but favors the rich.
Uddhav Thackeray has asked the leaders of the Shiv Sena (UBT) to devise a strategy for the BMC elections.
The Supreme Court called for speedy redress of grievances against the electoral college.
Call on the Delhi government to provide subsidy for electric vehicles to alleviate poverty.
The Minister of Finance spoke to the newly constituted tax police to encourage foreign investors.
The Chief Minister of Rajasthan brought the ticks to provide jobs and help the youth.
According to the BJP, the protests were due to lack of support for land reform.
Leaders demanded accountability for misuse of public funds.
The Chief Minister spoke about the challenges and opportunities in various fields.
The election commission takes over the duties that affect elections.
The government has initiated initiatives to improve the quality of healthcare in the country at all levels.
According to Bihar CM Nitish Kumar the BJP is fighting for complete independence.
The Supreme Court ignored the petition in its dealings with protesters and freedom of speech.
The Government of Telangana employs police officers to impart free education to underprivileged communities.
Opposition parties protested against the price of oil amid rising prices.
The Supreme Court sought an answer from the government on the grounds of the farmers' strike.
PM Modi emphasized self-reliance in manufacturing while addressing a press conference for the book.
The Ministry of Education has recently introduced several new measures to combat literacy and illiteracy.
The Chief Minister of Maharashtra discussed the development plans with senior officials.
The Election Commission ensures that election procedures are followed before casting a vote.
The Delhi Government has pledged to increase its assistance to the underprivileged sections of the society.
An order of the Supreme Court challenging misappropriation of funds in electronic transactions.
The Government of Karnataka has introduced measures to promote manual labour and small scale farming.
The protesters demanded that something be done about the spread of unemployment.
Prime Minister Modi inaugurated new shopping malls in developing countries.
The chief minister of Uttar Pradesh convened meetings to decide the fate of the village.
The controversy involved the BJP disrupting public administration during elections.
The lower court ruled unanimously against the acquisition of land for development projects.
The government introduced new policies to protect consumers from excessive reliance on renewable energy.
Release the Rajasthan government's emergency evacuation order for unemployed youth.
The opposition calls for revisions to the constitution between elections.
The Prime Minister emphasized the need for digital tools for the publication of the book.
Encourage the BJP to better represent the interests of the farmers in the recent changes in the constitution.
The government plans to reduce carbon emissions by adopting electric cars.
Opposition parties raised concerns over alleged misuse of public funds.
The Supreme Court ruled against the new standards on road safety.
The Chief Minister of Karnataka has announced new budget proposals for distribution of the book in rural areas.
The Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh has brought kites to drain the water for the areas affected by the cyclone.
Opposition leaders called for transparency in the disbursement of funds to the government.
The government has introduced new laws to improve the construction and maintenance of roads in India.
The Election Commission reported that the public voted the most in recent elections.
The Delhi government has stepped up efforts to combat air pollution during the monsoon months.
Opposition parties have criticised the government for not doing anything about the plight of farmers.
The Supreme Court heard an appeal on religious freedom and government assistance.
