Announce actor Shah Rukh khan new film with director Rajkumar hirani.
Priyanka Chopra shared a picture of herself having sex with a girl on Instagram.
It may be claimed that Amitabh Bachchan has tested positive for COVID - 19 and is being treated at the Hospital.
Deepika Padukone introduces the concept of skin care solution to promote mental health.
Salman Khans latest film has crossed ₹200 crore at the box office.
Kangana Ranaut mentioned Bollywood for acting in a recent interview.
Alia Bhatt won the Best Actress award for her performance in the film Raazi.
Ranveer Singh and Deepika Padukone, raking their honeymoon in Italy.
Akshay kumar has donated ₹ 25 klur to PM CARES fund for COVID - 19 relief.
Kareena Kapoor Khan has announced the birth of her second child with her boyfriend Saif Ali Khan.
Hrithik Roshan's shad video went viral on social media.
Anushka Sharma and Virat Kohli welcome baby girl, share happy news.
Aamir Khans film Laal Singh Chaddha has been postponed due to health concerns.
Taapsee Pannu hosts a mid - door service to provide spiritual support to the volunteers.
Ajay Devgns Tanhaji declared non - taxable in many states of India.
Sonu Sood helps the pioneers to get to the meetings during the nationwide lockdown.
Vidya Balans biopic Shakuntala Devi has premiered on Amazon Prime streaming platform.
Shahid Kapoor, has started shooting for an upcoming romantic drama called Jersey remake.
Sara Ali Khan shares pictured with Ibrahim's brother.
Tiger Shroff has released a new song featuring singer sap and sap shad.
Announces Anil Kapoors health emergency on his 64th Birthday.
Parineeti Chopras transformative images inspire devotees to pursue a healthy lifestyle.
Rajinikanth announces the opening of the centre soon, he plans to hold elections soon.
Disha Patani is gathering background images of the film 'Radhe'.
Nawazuddin Siddiquis performance in Serious Men was highly praised by critics.
Kriti Sanon tested negative for COVID-19 after recovering from minor symptoms.
Saif Ali Khans Tandav web series encounters legal hurdles on controversial writings.
Jacqueline Fernandez joined Attack football team alongside John Abraham.
Arjun Kapoor and Malaika Arora share their relationship on Instagram via post.
Bhumi Pednekar is campaigning for the closure of the mill through social media campaigns.
Sushants family has set up a foundation in his memory to help young people with disabilities.
Radhika Aptes first full length film has garnered international acclaim.
Emraan Hashmi shared the first image from the recently launched Ezra series.
Yami Gautam is collaborating with NGOs to provide education to underprivileged children.
Farhan Akhtar is not playing well for his part in sports team Toofan.
Kalki Koechlin writes a humble essay on motherhood, based on the image of the child.
Vicky Kaushals film  Bhoot Part One has received overwhelming response from critics and viewers alike.
Sunny Leone has launched her own fashion brand, with the aim of empowering women.
Varun Dhawan is about to give birth to his longtime girlfriend Natasha Dalal in a slow and less painful manner.
The trailer of Kangana Ranaut's biopic film 'Thalaivi' has garnered millions of views on the internet.
Sidharth Malhotra has started shooting for thriller film Mission Majnu in Lucknow.
Shraddha Kapoor applied for animal welfare services and adopted a foster child from the animal shelter.
Abhishek Bachchans web series  Breathe : Into the Shadows  has received rave reviews from viewers and critics alike.
Kareena Kapoor has revealed the details of her pregnancy in her podcast series.
Ranbir Kapoor has tested positive for COVID-19 and is currently quarantining at his residence.
Sonakshi Sinha has launched a memorial campaign to spread awareness on mental health.
Varun Dhawan is about to give birth to his longtime girlfriend Natasha Dalal in a slow and less painful manner.
Madhuri Dixit shared this video yesterday with her husband on their wedding anniversary.
Ayushmann Khurranas film 'Article 15 won the Best Film award at Filmfare.
Katrina Kaif has teamed up with a printing company to launch a brand new makeup line.
The praise from the audience has soared over Bobby Deols performance in the series  Aashram.
Hrithik Roshan has announced the next installment of the blockbuster film 'War' alongside Tiger Shroff.
Nora Fatehi's music video for the hit song has garnered millions of views on the internet.
Shilpa Shetty is promoting the practice of instant recovery through relaxation in new yoga for the fans.
Aishwarya Rai Bachchan talks about the elements of ending family dysfunction in the entertainment industry.
Rajkummar Raos 'Roohi has emerged as a box office hit after the disaster.
Irrfan Khans son Babil has announced his first film project on social media platform.
Janhvi Kapoors performance in Gunjan Saxena received high praise from Bollywood critics.
Pooja Hegde celebrates her birthday by sharing heartfelt messages and chatting with fans online.
Arijit Singhs memorable song was instantly noticed and loved by music lovers across the globe.
Karan Johar announced the launch of 'Koffee with Karan' by enthusiastic customers on the new website.
Dilip Kumars skin condition has improved after being hospitalised for some time, said the family home spokesperson.
Rani Mukerji talks about her life as a motivational speaker.
Saif Ali Khan is confirmed to be reprising his role for the title role in the upcoming Bunty Aur Babli sequel.
Kriti Sanon has started preparing for the lead role in mythological drama Adipurush.
Sanjay Dutt has successfully completed the chemotherapy treatment and expresses his happiness and gratitude to the fans who gave their support.
Aditya Roy Kapur will star in phaidien thriller based on international best selling novel.
Kajol is combining traditional designs from her traditional floral sets with fans.
Raveena Tandon joins Netflix series, to showcase her contribution to digital entertainment.
Anupam Khers motivational book reached the bestseller list within weeks of its release.
Esha Deol shares about her comeback project by not only talking about the challenges of old age.
Imtiaz Ali is collaborating with AR Rahman for an upcoming musical romantic drama.
Armaan Malik wins the international category for his single made in English language.
The trailer of Manoj Bajpayees second season in The Family Man is making a big splash.
Juhi Chawla stands up against corruption by planting trees in Mumbai suburbs.
Ali Fazal is exploring a career in Hollywood alongside a talented actor in an upcoming film.
Lata Mangeshkars birthday was celebrated by fans through instant messages on social media.
Neha Kakkar and Rohanpreet Singh are celebrating their wedding anniversary with much fanfare.
Rohit Shetty has hinted at yet another false flag in his highly successful franchise.
Hema Malini returns to reflect on her long working life at a press conference to mark Indian Independence Day.
The performance of Sobhita Dhulipala in the anthology series has been highly appreciated by the audience.
Rashmika Mandanna shot the Bollywood project with emerging actors, and participated in its success.
 Made in Heaven season 2 of Zoya Akhtar will be premiered on Nohprah today.
Sunny Deol again played alongside Dharmendra in a heartwarming match which looked closely at the differences between the teams.
Ananya Panday participated in the broadcast of the programme talks yesterday from her newly inaugurated address.
Pankaj Tripathis performance in  Ludo brought him huge success as a supporting actor.
Dia Mirza announced her retirement with a heartfelt message to the fans through an Instagram post.
Radhika Madan participated to give presentation on her training for a highly demanding career in the field of acting.
Tabu has once again teamed up with Vishal Bhardwaj for the next edition of the Classic of Memory.
Vaani Kapoors change of attitude towards health is encouraging her followers on social media.
Suriyas film Soorarai Pottru has been selected as Indias official entry to the Oscars this year.
Hansika Motwani celebrates her birthday with a party organized by her close friends.
The teaser of Samantha Ruth Prabhu web series has reached record breaking views in just a few days.
Karthik Aryan has once again started filming for rom - com Shehzada among the emergency services.
Mouni Roys bridal photoshoot has garnered attention due to its innovative and competitive international brands.
Aditi Rao Hydaris contribution to the field of history has been lauded for its accuracy and insight.
Richa Chadha and Ali Fazal shared information about their relationship in a phone call and text message.
Tahir Raj Bhasin is attached to a biopic project which will shed light on the life of his famous actor.
Fatima Sana Shaikh informs about the project which talks about sleep deprivation in mind and its social implications.
Bhagyashree returns to the stage with a part in a period drama directed by Ashutosh Gowariker.
Actor Shah Rukh Khan reveals his new relationship with director Rajkumar Hirani.
Priyanka Chopra shares a picture of herself with her daughter on Instagram.
Amitabh Bachchan has tested positive for COVID-19 and has been rushed to hospital.
Deepika Padukone has launched a mental health foundation to promote mental health.
Salman Khans latest movie has grossed ₹200 crore at the box office.
Kangana Ranaut has attacked Bollywood over nepotism in her recent speech.
Alia Bhatt won the Best Actress award for her role in Raazi.
Ranveer Singh and Deepika Padukone have tied the knot of their relationship in Italy.
Akshay Kumar donated ₹ 25 klur to PM CARES Fund for COVID - 19 relief.
Kareena Kapoor Khan has announced her second engagement with her boyfriend Saif Ali Khan.
Hrithik Roshans dance video went viral on social media platforms.
Anushka Sharma and Virat Kohli welcomed their baby girl and shared the happy news.
The release of Aamir Khans Laal Singh Chaddha has been postponed due to health concerns.
Taapsee Pannu shares her workout routine during lockdown to encourage fans.
Ajay Devgns film Tanhaji has garnered positive reviews in many Indian languages.
Sonu Sood helps migrant workers to return home during the nationwide lockdown.
Vidya Balan's biopic Shakuntala Devi has been launched on Amazon Prime streaming platform.
Shahid Kapoor has started shooting for his upcoming film, the romantic drama 'Jersey' which is a remake.
Sara Ali Khan shared some old fashioned photos with her brother Ibrahim.
Tiger Shroff has released a new song which showcases his talent in dance and choreography.
Anil Kapoor shared details of his recovery on his 64th birthday.
Parineeti Chopras decision to face cancer has inspired her followers.
Rajinikanth has announced the opening of his International Club and plans to join in the upcoming classes.
Disha Patani has uploaded pictures of background work in the film 'Radhe'.
A lot of hype has been generated for Nawazuddin Siddiqui's fast paced performance in the film 'Serious Men.
Kriti Sanon tested negative for COVID - 19 after suffering from non - acute symptoms.
Saif Ali Khans Tandav web series encounters legal hurdles on controversial writings.
Jacqueline Fernandez joined the cast in the action thriller movie Attack alongside John Abraham.
Arjun Kapoor and Malaika Arora confirmed their relationship on Instagram through a post.
Bhumi Pednekar took a stand for breast cancer through social media.
Sushants family has set up a foundation in his memory to help young people with disabilities.
Radhika Aptes first full length film has garnered international acclaim.
Emraan Hashmi played the lead female role in the upcoming 'Ezra' remake.
Yami Gautam has been working with NGOs to impart education to underprivileged children across the state.
Farhan Akhtar has been highly recommended for his role in the movie life - story 'Toofan.
Kalki Koechlin has written an inspiring article on motherhood and also uploaded a picture of the baby.
Vicky Kaushals film Bhoot Part One received mixed reviews from critics and audience.
Sunny Leone has launched her own fashion brand, aiming to cater to the female audience.
Riteish Deshmukh and Genelia DSouza celebrated their wedding anniversary with heartwarming posts.
Kangana Ranauts film Thalaivi Biopic has garnered millions of online viewers.
Sidharth Malhotra, started shooting spy thriller movie Mission Majnu in Lucknow.
Shraddha Kapoor decided to improve the quality of milk by taking care of the animals, she took to buying street dogs from local farms.
Abhishek Bachchans web series Breathe : Into the Shadows is getting good reviews.
Kareena Kapoor shares adventures on her journey while armed on her podcast.
Ranbir Kapoor also tested positive for COVID - 19, and now, he is under observation and has been advised to stay in isolation.
Sonakshi Sinha showed the world the best ways to increase awareness about mental health.
Varun Dhawan has tied the knot with Natasha Dalal, his long time partner in the wedding industry.
Madhuri Dixit shared the video with her husband on their birthday.
Ayushmann Khurranas film Article 15 won the Best Film award at Filmfare.
Katrina Kaif is teaming up with a beauty company to launch a global beauty brand.
Rajkummar Raos latest film has received rave reviews and praise from critics.
Huma Qureshi is active in web series which talks about values and beliefs based on social life.
Rani Mukerji marks the shortest anniversary of her life with a heartwarming message to her fans.
Karan Johar announced the upcoming pilot project, in the presence of its stakeholders.
Bobby Deol's web series is gaining popularity for its social and entertainment content.
Tara Sutaria shared the details of her preparation for the upcoming romantic drama.
Ananya Pandays social media campaign aims to showcase the positive power of body painting as well as art painting.
Aditya Roy Kapur has begun to paint a romantic atmosphere in the most beautiful places of the world.
Nargis Fakhri has made her comeback to Bollywood with a promising part in the upcoming film.
Imran Khan has announced that he will be returning to the project after taking a long break from acting.
The inspiration of Juhi Chawla's tree plantation led to the idea of designing a diamond cutting plant.
Manoj Bajpayee won the national award for his performance in the critically acclaimed film.
Nushrat Bharuchas horror movie trailer is generating a lot of buzz among fans and critics.
Pankaj Tripathi launched a new web series exploring the themes of justice and redemption.
Kriti Kharbanda and Pulkit Samrat share the latest photos on instagram.
Rajinikanths Annaatthe teaser, broke the record for the most downloads, where it garnered millions of views, just under seconds.
Chitrangda Singh is collaborating with NGOs to empower women through the wearing of appropriate clothing.
Kunal Kemmu shares the iconic images of the Edo period along with a family tree that includes his wife and daughter.
Neha Dhupia and Angad Bedi have been raking in the dust for the past few years of their marriage with heartwarming performances.
Soha Ali Khan has written a children's book inspired by her experience as a mother.
Arbaaz Khan announced his first film project in which he wanted to explore the possibilities of rape and incest.
Juhi Chawla went back to the main points in the interview urging to accelerate her work.
Raveena Tandon's web series is receiving rave reviews for its thrilling storyline.
Shilpa Shetty shares a fitness routine that encourages athletes to adopt healthy lifestyles.
Arjun Rampals outstanding performance on the field has garnered praise from critics.
Dia Mirza is raising awareness about climate change through an exciting public consultation.
Zareen Khan is starring in a heartwarming drama that combines the themes of family and forgiveness.
Abhay Deols free throw made his debut in the worlds fastest bowler.
John Abraham pointed to a prime example of the marvelous developments yet to come.
Karthik Aryan's romantic comedy movie turned out to be the highest grossing movie of the year.
Dulquer Salmaan shares insights on crime and corruption in South India and Bollywood.
Anupam Kher releases a book of remembrance detailing his journey and profession.
Paresh Rawal has been conferred with the prestigious Lifetime Achievement Award for his outstanding contribution to Indian cinema.
Sunny Deol is teaming up with Karan's son for a family drama full of adventure to come.
Tabus wide appeal in the field of psychotherapy is receiving praise from critics and practitioners.
The company performs Shakespeare plays in outdoor venues.
The sinful singer broke those records by releasing a new album.
The actress expresses her gratitude for the support of the fans after choosing the channel.
Parents who are interested tell the child first on the back of the message boards.
The winner won the prestigious tournament in the under - 20 category.
The singer passes the spiritual fluid to the graduating teacher during the singing.
The factory has already produced a trailer for the next season and next season.
The shop gained a lot of popularity after the amazing sale went online.
The band played a new song before announcing the upcoming album.
Critics point to an atmosphere that has illuminated the worlds darkest corners.
The actor is getting a part in the big screen adaptation of the beloved novel.
The archer is searching for the master race through the defeated free elephant.
The Broadway show is delayed due to the high demand of the audience.
Public service broadcasting deserves the right of mainstream sci - fi films.
The singers charity gathers millions for needy children around the world.
The tamasa rakhe has famous singers with tributes spread all over the planet.
A skilled cook has produced a cookbook containing simple recipes for the guests.
The YouTube channel has launched the first ever adult videos on mobile.
The singer has announced that he will take a break from live music after his world tour.
The following actors and directors are collaborating for the first installment of the highly anticipated drama.
And the breaking in of the dew is stayed, because the heavens cannot search out their boundaries.
The popular sitcom is coming back for a new series after being off the air for a few years.
The actor delivers an amazing performance for the critically acclaimed drama.
The comedian has announced the cast to go abroad for the upcoming season.
Reality TV star has launched a fashion brand aimed at young entrepreneurs in the market.
The classical singer has won the lifetime achievement award at a prestigious event.
 The empty tomb  includes the right request for a star - filled tomb.
The Bollywood actress has made a name for herself in the international beauty pageant.
The judges are looking for relevant information on the latest drama.
Volunteers set up a charity to promote cancer research and health programmes.
The inspector is looking for roads that are parallel to one another in the field at random.
The sin song opens the marbam shop while going through the well advertised albums.
The actor is reunited with the actor who was hired for the controversial news about the coming of age.
The accompanying music video features new instruments and new musical styles.
A fraudster destroyed financial records with a fraud filled with dishonesty.
The comedy film has garnered a cult following after its release in limited release.
The Director has signed a contract for a number of non - commercial projects and a pilot studio.
The star of Broadway surprised the audience with a live on stage performance.
The ensuing storm further aggravated the traffic situation with a very high level of congestion in the last week of the lockdown.
The reviewer looks for patterns in social life in this article that seem to give rise to conflicting ideas.
The singer - songwriter talks about false rumors in a meeting with the press for the upcoming album.
A merchant wins a concession on land after months of careful planning.
Earths darkest star joins Marvel for the hero.
An actors memory reveals details beyond the immediate details of the action.
A successful novelist turns the novel into a courtroom drama.
Reality TV channel's interactive talks feature online discussions and interviews.
The renowned Jazz singer performed the dance on stage during the opening ceremony in a big hand dance.
The actress has developed a simple line which can easily reduce the weight of the doll.
The Hollywood actor reveals the voice of the lead actor in a surprising fashion.
Netflix has confirmed the second rule for the most common forms of human trafficking.
The recorded weatherman carefully measured the state of the earths water in a breath - taking atmosphere.
The actor is attending a charity event to mark the 50th anniversary of the mental illness.
The advertiser advertised the story which was accompanied by pictures of Bollywood actors.
A young artist receives a scholarship for a special competition in an international art exhibition.
The singing enthusiasm is also commended for the new, uplifting music.
The streaming service revives old series along with digital downloads.
The article highlights areas that are yet to be reported by experts in the field.
Rock band reunited for world tour to celebrate 50 years of music.
Supporters are eyeing the actors return to television after a long awaited break.
A childrens writer advertises illustrations based on best - selling books.
The theatre company presents a contemporary interpretation of Shakespeares tragic tragedies.
The Influencer is launching the brand with new lifestyle brands for global consumers.
The conductor gives a solemn song to the players touching the stage on the floor.
The historical drama won the audience choice award at the international level.
Experts recommend the drug to reduce the risk of infection in the treatment process.
The organizers of the tamasa assure the group that they have the best singers in the world.
The young actor has landed a part in Hollywoods latest romantic comedy.
The printing press produces literature inspired by true historical events.
The well - planned drama explores the subjects of family, poverty, and salvation.
A professional photographer works with expert photographers to paint the street scenes.
The actress questioned the issue of mental health in relation to pornography.
The hip - hop artist came to prominence with the release of the critically acclaimed singles.
The international orchestra draws musicians from at least 50 participating countries.
The comedy genre attracts audiences with its wise jokes and memorable moments.
Advocates oppose the long - awaited dramatic declaration of a state of emergency.
The popular Bollywood star celebrated his 25th birthday with his fans.
The opera company has produced such outstanding performances that it has received high praise.
A recent study suggests a shift in the trend of pornographic video games.
The unemployed entrepreneur gets the certificate for the first crop especially in the unemployment rate.
An actor delivers a rousing speech after beating a womans right leg with a hammer.
The Director has announced the plans for a new historical epic this year.
The singer was the lead singer of the dance troupe with a heartwarming performance last Sunday evening.
The band surprises the audience by releasing the song live without any advertisement online.
Voluntary service has exposed them to exciting new trends in sports played by volunteer athletes.
The actress performs in tamasa phlamlamlam world in a custom made fashion.
The organization is gaining international recognition for challenging issues that deeply affect social justice.
Musicians set up charitable foundations to raise money for relief efforts in times of emergency.
An actor takes the lead role in a thrilling drama to come.
The director showed him the teaser image for the highly anticipated movie sequence.
The comedy troupe has been making a nation - wide tour by performing sketch comedy shows.
The site updates the relevant pages for another interesting article.
Pop icon breaks records with best sellers across the board.
An experienced hairdresser is developing a new hairstyle that is geared toward younger people.
The director is raking in the success at the box office along with the cast and crew.
Critics call it a new wave because it has shed light on the state of the world.
The actor has teamed up with a small group of entertainers for the upcoming episode.
The Broadway musical captivates audiences with memorable melodies and memorable songs.
The tamasa phlim honours an actor who is well known for his contribution to phlim throughout his life.
The singer won the national award for best female playback singer in the best new song category.
The airport attracts tourists by lowering the rate of arrival.
The comedian has launched a podcast exploring the behind - the - scenes of the entertainment industry.
A singer collaborates with many singers for the most memorable song.
The actress talks about preparing for a role in a drama in a thrilling court case.
Stars in biopics portraying famous person since 20th century.
Real - time television broadcasts conversations based on interviewees on - screen conversations.
Psychics make it a point to increase awareness of mental health through the exchange of information.
The Governing Body schedules a return visit to commemorate the annual observance this year.
The expansion project keeps the library close to the various branch offices of the world - wide organization.
The reviewer is looking for ideas that are in harmony with the preceding article in a non - sequential way that stimulates the next - day discussion.
The singer pays homage to the retired teacher while singing live from the heart.
The Festival also showcases the talents of emerging artists from across the globe.
An actor receives a commendation for excellence in a tragic war drama.
The singer has released an album that combines classical and electronic music styles.
 The hypocrites are gathering the days following the adoption of a new religion that is replete with immorality. 
A Broadway producer turns a beloved childrens book into a heartwarming family musical.
A playground with a lifeguard for emergency lifeguards.
Critics praised the actresss ability to do so many roles in an unprecedented amount of time.
The artist discusses the features of nature as he paints a fascinating picture.
Comedians latest hits across the globe after being released on streaming channel.
Pop star announced new tour dates across Europe and North America.
A skilled cook puts the new recipes in a newly printed cookbook.
The director works with talented screenwriters for an independent film with international distribution.
The band adds moves and musical styles that would be unthinkable on a well - curated album.
The Broadway show announced a nationwide tour after breaking the record in New York.
The streaming service primarily produces literature based on interesting real - life experiences.
The actors memoir details the obstacles he faced on his Hollywood career path.
The singing tamasa keeps track of the speed of the train through the intersections and junctions.
A carefully crafted drama explores the deeper aspects of love, grief, and loss.
The animated movie is becoming the most watched movie of the year worldwide.
A sinful conscience prompted the thought - provoking words of the most memorable song.
An actor plays an important character in the story in a play called free play.
The theme park showcases the plans for a diverse park world.
Comedy clubs are always looking for changes in the workplace in new and adaptable ways.
The publishing work gains world wide recognition for its unusual printing.
Critics pointed to the depth of emotion in the actresss new look.
The director carefully examines aspects of loneliness in a climate that disturbs the atmosphere.
The singer gains a reputation for promoting social justice through powerful music videos.
The interested parties printed the newsletters by printing them on a red carpet.
The article highlights the unsung heroes who are working in the field of entertainment.
The actor surprises the audience with an aimless comedy in a non - dramatic action.
The singer went on tour after releasing her second studio album which was well received.
Reality Cup crowns young sportsman as the new national champion.
The stream stream transforms the romantic novel into fantastic fictional characters.
The candidate won the toss to select the runners - up in the main event.
Pop icon is collaborating with her fans for a new album which is against genre.
The humorists book looks for humorous yet meaningful examples in everyday life.
The actress talks about the difficulties they face while filming the action abroad.
The songwriting industry follows an aspiring singers journey to international success.
The Broadway show broke box office records during its opening weekend.
Access to a wide network of contacts and a convenient location for family needs.
The chairman was addressing the stakeholders during the press briefing for the upcoming Annual General Meeting.
An actor portrays an Indian hero who defies the constraints imposed by time and society.
The Festival celebrates the achievements of famous artists with various artistic events.
Critics are calling for an emergency shutdown in a dramatic fashion.
The singer played a beautiful song with the dancers during the performance.
The actress has secured the lead role in Netflix's upcoming romantic drama.
The reality TV star is pursuing his career with a new and exciting venture.
The streaming service provides free movies for free movies.
The legendary singer announced the comeback after a long and successful career.
The late host hosted an extended dinner party for the invited guests.
The Director has laid the foundation for improving the quality of sound recordings in the film industry.
The psalmist emphasizes the importance of remaining in the fold by singing a heartwarming new song.
The actor writes a message on the phone asking for details about the eyes surrounding the digital screen of this video.
The tamasa initially produces innovative music projects from young talented musicians located all over the world.
The workshop updated the old report with a new and up - to - date analysis.
A well - planned drama explores issues of morality and family history.
Pop band announces long awaited comeback along with album and new tour.
The streaming channel broadcasts the fair call for the worlds leading brands.
The actor contemplates the part described in the introduction to a short talk.
The conductor works with the orchestra for the main instrument and changes the style of singing.
A participant in a reality show is facing a criminal charge due to the disturbing scenes unfolding on the news channels.
The documentary covers the untold stories from the golden age of Hollywood history.
The singer put an end to the long silence of the recess, proclaiming new songs and instruments to accompany.
A Broadway playwright gets a lifetime achievement award for eight years of acting.
Friends of the streaming service and the studio for interactive interaction with customers.
The Director is looking for examples of optimism and willingness to let go in a post - apocalyptic environment.
Critics point to the compelling characteristics of the emotionally charged free - form drama.
Drugs make it a financial burden to pay for the care of the mother - in - law and the protection of wild animals.
Visitors to the tamasa are requesting special collage pieces from various artists of the world.
Vaani Kapoor is collaborating with a talent agent for romantic dramas.
Pooja Hegdes shad number from the incoming flight was clearly visible on the news backstage.
Nora Fatehi's music video broke the viewership record in the first 24 hours.
Kiara Advani becomes the face of the worlds leading makeup company.
Mahesh Babus two - word project is generating enthusiasm among the participants in all sectors.
Dhanushs Tamil film has won international acclaim for its story and direction.
Allu Arjun announced the continuation of the first phase along with an exciting announcement.
Rashmika Mandanna's debut in Bollywood has created a buzz among her fans.
Prabhas's sci - fi film explores the latest trends and trends.
Kajal Aggarwal covers the background of the controversies from the historical drama.
Samantha Ruth Prabhus latest film is receiving praise for its heartwarming story.
Nithya Menen is active in web pages searching for current events and trends of the game.
However, Vijay Deverakondas performance in the romantic drama was hailed by critics as the best performance of his career.
The Yash KGF Lynnong 2 announcement sets new benchmarks for Indian universities.
The Nagarjuna family's case has angered the investigators due to the nature of her case.
Deepika Padukone launched the idea of a coit ka khiah in the power of thought to attract young singles.
Ranveer Singhs acting style is stealing the show in the mainstream media.
Alia Bhatt shares behind the scenes of her new movie.
Shah Rukh Khans action packed dance set a new record opening dance.
Katrina Kaif introduces this brand new line of beauty products based on traditional Indian art.
Salman Khan's presence in the upcoming season is delighting fans across the globe.
Amitabh Bachchan writes a humble essay on the culmination of fifty years in the film industry.
Aishwarya Rai is portraying the world class actress with a beautiful face.
Hrithik Roshans physical transformation for boxing is inspiring fans all over the world.
Priyanka Chopra shares the success of the Global Humanitarian Assistance Project with UN.
Anushka Sharma's production house has announced a female - led thriller.
Varun Dhawan is cooperating with the medical officer for emergency.
Jacqueline fernandez will act in action movie alongside Hollywood actor.
Akshay Kumars viral video has broken the audience record on streaming platforms.
Parineeti Chopra shares her visions of amazing beauty in amazing places.
Sidharth Malhotra is winning hearts with his heartwarming part in the family drama.
The debut of Kangana Ranaut as a director has created quite a stir.
Taapsee Pannu's sports biopic receives praise for its inspiring storyline.
Ayushmann Khurrana combines the elements of a relaxed lifestyle in an atmosphere that makes us think.
Sara Ali Khan discusses climate change along with farmers and labourers in a humble post.
Janhvi Kapoor starred in a period drama which portrayed the vicissitudes of history with grace.
This veteran Sri Lankan left arm spinner had to contend with the greatness of Muttiah Muralitharan.
Herath has been a pioneer in the field of international education.
India would love to go all the way to Melbourne after the big break.
Australia is the birthplace of Rishabh Pant.
The forthcoming BCCI SGM will be held within 43 days from the date of appointment.
Delhi will host World Athletics Championships in 2025.
BCCI SGM will select Ashish Shelar coach Jay Shah at 12th Jymmang in Mumbai.
Read MCAs report by Prithvi Shaw on the latest case of Vijay Hazare.
Rohits team has time to relax, refresh themselves and consolidate technical skills ahead of Boxing Day Test.
Within a month in Australia, India had seen it all.
Opening in Perth, opening in Adelaide and closing in Brisbane.
The Border - Gavaskar Trophy Series is now 1-1 with 2 Tests remaining.
Rohit Sharmas team will get a lot more chances to recover their partnership.
The sudden death of R. Ashwin added another dimension.
Cheteshwar Pujara and Ajinkya Rahane missed the Test match.
From the core group of players, Rohit, Virat Kohli and Ravindra Jadeja are still in the mix.
In this venture, Kohli has found his voice in Perth before  the low social status that prevails everywhere  will emerge again.
While Rohit once again fought but got caught up in serious disputes or made mistakes in his judgement.
Jadeja, who scored last in Gabba, was as bad as a batsman and as bad as a batsman.
With Ashwin's departure, he has become the leading contender in terms of race within the team.
K.L. Rahuls batting average (235 runs and 47 wickets) with a high score, saved India.
To see how Jasprit Bumrah and Akash Deep will play well and also play happily.
These players, in a sense, saved the 3rd Test by helping India out of the relegation zone.
Test means that it turned out to be a good buy which lasted for 5 days.
It has thwarted the operators plans to increase the number of first - class premises to 445.
But India would like to make a big change.
The coaching staff headed by Gautam Gambhir is now looking for a replacement for Travis Head.
Australia will miss the services of injured Josh Hazlewood but Scott Boland is a solid substitute.
Ajinkya Rahanes team won the Border - Gavaskar Trophy competition.
First Test batsman Nathan McSweeney has been ruled out of the Australian Test team.
According to Cricket Australia news, McSweeney opened the batting for Sam Konstas.
The 19-year old former captain scored 107 runs against Rohit Sharmas team.
Rohit Sharma's last Test match was against England at Dharamshala.
Under the Australian skies, Rohit Sharma is still searching for a place in the sun.
The runes are dry, and under his armour.
The second Test was abandoned in Adelaide after much delay.
Rain helped prepare for the third convention in Brisbane.
Rohit was well - acquainted with these theoretical concepts and was more eager to be thoroughly trained and to do as much as possible in the assignments.
Mumbaikar has been under pressure since the incident.
His scores so far in this tour are 3, 3, 6 and 10.
But in the ODI series against Sri Lanka in August, he scored 58, 64 and 35 runs respectively.
He met K.L. Rahul and the next day, he passed 10th.
Entrepreneurs are judged on different criteria but it is no less important when leadership and entrepreneurship becomes part of the equation.
At the age of 37 and with the Indian captaincy hanging over him, it is not surprising that Rohit has been treated well.
The same year when he led India to win the ICC T20 World Cup.
Unlike Virat Kohli, whose overpowering camera moves, Rohit is more of a doer.
Kohli, by his tally in the first Test in Perth, got a breath of fresh air.
Steve Smith also ran through terrible accidents, but his fortune at the Gabba saved his life.
Rohit needs to repeat this in the coming weeks as he is likely to get four outbreaks spread across Melbourne and Sydney.
In ODIs, his aggressive batting style has made it possible for his teammates to build further.
Rohit learns to be patient and try V.V.S.
Laxman by covering narrow streets and digging in the forest.
He had the luck and help that his first brownie points were scored during the tour of Australia in 2008.
With the score of the series at 1-1 with the fourth Test scheduled to begin at Melbourne Cricket Ground here on 26th January.
Australian athletes also included Sean Abbott, Beau Webster and Jhye Richardson in the team.
Meanwhile injured cricketer Josh Hazlewood is unable to play today.
Scott Boland will replace him in this team.
The BCCI rule states that any pending matter shall be settled within 45 days by calling a special meeting.
The forthcoming BCCI SGM will be held within 43 days from the date of appointment.
The BCCI will hold its Special General Meeting ( SGM ) in Mumbai on 12th January to select its new Secretary.
These two projects were released by Jay Shah and Ashish Shelar earlier this month.
Shah took over as the youngest ICC Chairman on 1 January.
Shelar, who is well versed in BJP politics, is taking oath as a minister in the newly formed Maharashtra State Cabinet.
According to the amendments adopted by the Lodha Committee, one person cannot hold two seats in the Lok Sabha.
Shah, who has one year remaining in his tenure at BCCI after the mandatory retirement.
Sean Abbott has been through a lot in life since that serial killer Phillip Hughes.
Mumbai Cricket Association ( MCA ) has dismissed Prithvi Shaws application.
A senior MCA official, speaking to PTI, said that the MCA is present at times.
Shaw expressed regret that he was not selected in the 16 man squad for the Vijay Hazare Trophy.
We have dealt with 10 lawyers because we were forced to hide Prithvi Shaw.
The storm will pass by him and he will not be able to reach it.
Even while he is waiting, we can see that he is slowly getting to the point.
Its cleanliness, orderliness and personality are impeccable and very appealing.
Even the older ones in the congregation began to question his present situation.
In the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy competition, Shaw buried his training commitments.
Shaws friend who is also Mumbai captain Shreyas Iyer also gave an interesting speech.
He played a lot of cricket. Everyone gave him advice.
At the end of the day, it's his job to figure things out for himself.
Shaw most recently was dropped from Mumbais Ranji Trophy squad due to similar circumstances last month.
He was given a special offer to work at MCA Academy.
Shaw has flourished in the league amid great demand, where he made his Test debut in 2018 at the age of 18.
One athlete, a current member of Australias Test team, was very efficient with his footwork.
His ODI and T20 International form also failed to take off and he has not played Test cricket for India since 2021.
A number of ancient commentators have expressed interest in his paintings and personality.
While the Indian cricket team under Lala Amarnath is playing against Australia after the assassination of Gandhi.
Various artifacts and memorabilia from historic cricket tours including Indias first ever tour to Australia are displayed in the MCG library.
It was the first major tour of the Indian cricket team to Australia with coaches, led by Lala Amarnath.
One day cricket cup in Australia renamed by Dean Jones.
The Dean Jones Trophy was renamed in honour of the Australian Test cricketer who was adjudged the best bowler in the 50-over format.
Returning veteran footballer Joe Root back into the game after almost 50 years.
Smriti Mandhana broke the record of many for fifty years.
Richa Ghosh faced the fastest fifty feat in which India won the first T20I series on home soil after 5 years.
India has set the highest score in T20.
Smriti Mandhana and Richa Ghosh have launched a well - planned partnership in Navi Mumbai along with highly successful ventures.
India at Navi Mumbai on Thursday night where they beat West Indies by 60 runs in the decider T20I series.
After being kicked out, Ghosh came in and filled the 18th grade class for half a year.
Hayley Matthews won the coin toss for the third straight time and did not advance to the first round.
The presence of clay in the DY Patil plain makes it a suitable hunting ground.
The first circuit overseer from Chinelle Henry found that the circuit was moving along nicely.
India vs Pakistan will be in the centre, hybrid format for all ICC tournaments till 2028.
While the Champions Trophy is also scheduled to be held between 19th February till 9th March.
The time has not been announced due to lack of interest in this matter.
The PCB strongly opposed the hybrid approach but later adopted it on different grounds.
After much deliberation, the International Cricket Council (ICC ) on Thursday announced.
India's matches in next year's Champions Trophy will be at the home ground of Pakistan.
Pakistan will not visit India for any ICC tournament till 2028
This is the first direct election since former BCCI Secretary Jay Shah took over as ICC Chairman.
This hybrid mode, for all the routes up to 2028 is expected to be fully operational.
This will work in the ICC Men's T2025 ( hosted by Pakistan ).
It is yet to be decided where Indias Champions Trophy matches will be played.
BCCI has declared UAE as the preferred venue.
The timing of the launch will be announced in due course, the ICC said.
India has vowed not to go to Pakistan for the next summit, citing a lack of stability.
Pakistan has requested the documents in writing, indicating that every other major cricket team.
PCB Chairman Mohsin Naqvi is also the current Home Minister of Pakistan.
Last month, Pakistan, signed the letter, which was circulated by the ICC board, among its members, in April.
Mr. Roots contribution in this regard is the 50th World Youth Day to be celebrated in India in 2023.
The BCCI has informed the ICC of its restrictions on travel to Pakistan.
India has not played in Pakistan since the 2008 Mumbai terror attack.
While Pakistan again came to India for the Under 50 World Cup last year.
India has hosted the Asia Cup in Sri Lanka.
Amid the tense situation, the two countries have not concluded bilateral trade since 2013.
India have been drawn in Group A for the Champions Trophy alongside the defending champions Pakistan.
Bangladesh and New Zealand, while Australia, England, South Africa and Afghanistan are in Group B.
This will be the first ICC event in Pakistan since 1996.
With the men's T20 tournament in 2026 jointly hosted by India and Sri Lanka.
Pakistan's interests may lie elsewhere in the world.
Tim Paine, who lost his captaincy, following the sexting saga, and Cummins, became Australia's captain.
Cummins was 19 years old at the time of winning his Test match against South Africa.
Ravindra Jadeja was informed of this relaxation at the last minute.
It was amazing, Jadeja told reporters at the Melbourne Cricket Ground ( MCG ).
36 - year - old Fury scored his first career goal against Usyk in the month of Naitung.
While Tyson Fury broke the record against Oleksandr Usyk in the fight to carry the title in the heavyweight category without a fight.
Another British fighter will face a Ukrainian fighter for a rematch to carry the heavyweight title in Riyadh.
A boxing champion from Britain, went to train in Malta, for the following competition.
Senior members of Furys team, who wished to remain anonymous, cooperated with The Telegraph.
Fury had been sparring with a group of southpaw youths before joining up against Oleksandr Usyk.
They adopted what has been described as the most rigorous training method in Furys life.
The news agency also reported that Fury was involved in sparring scenes.
 Shark Tanking, a method in which new traders begin to diversify inward and outward.
The eight boxers are Kevin Lerena, Zhan Kossobutskiy, Fernely Feliz Jnr, Alexis Barrière and Aleksei Dronov.
The last three uncontested champions in their respective age brackets according to the report.
In the match against Usyk at Naiwieng, Fury was injured during the sparring session.
The first major exercise will be shifted from mid - February to November.
But Malta was great.
We have started the cleaning work soon, before the camp.
We have had her for four months.
Tyson has now reached a new milestone : a 500 - kg leg lift.
We have put in the extra effort and resources required for this campaign.
Kristian Blacklock, who is Fury's strength and conditioning coach, told the Telegraph Sport.
Fury won 35 out of 35 matches before losing the first match.
Fury and Usyk have signed a contract to perform together in 2023.
Furys Maltese empire saw him take in 5,000 meals a day.
Tyson is very fond of study and exercise.
I know that his [ boxing coach ] SugarHill [Steward] feels the same way.
He likes to fight and decides to win.
Poverty made him more determined.
Liam Lawson makes his way to Red Bull's empty seat.
Yuki Tsunoda will team up with Max Verstappen in 2025.
After Mexican driver Sergio Perez and Red Bull parted ways.
Red Bull's parking lot is always between the two car parks.
Liam Lawson only has 11 ties to his name,
Making his international debut in 2023 after defeating Daniel Ricciardo
Yuki is a very fast driver.
Hell have three or four rules of logic now.
He did very well in testing the tires for us in Abu Dhabi.
To Liam, when you look and go to the funeral of his family.
His relationship with Yuki is not good.
Tsunoda made his international debut in 2021 for Alpha Tauri this season.
Red Bull after the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix.
Red Bull believes that Liam Lawson has as much talent as his rivals.
Lawson has proved to be a formidable force in competitive sports.
While he was a charioteer of great reliability and courage.
He found himself in a place where many big car drivers were.
Red Bull are constantly changing their second driver with Alex Albon, Pierre Gasly and Sergio Perez.
Red Bull came back late to look for a dealer.
Indian Express provides schedule of D Gukesh's business ventures in 2025
Gukesh Dommaraju became the youngest footballer in history to win the world cup.
Gukesh will be joined by Arjun Erigaisi of India, and Norwegian Magnus Carlsen
The year 2025 will begin with the direct participation of Tata Steel.
He will be playing against Erigaisi and another Indian player R Praggnanandhaa in the next round.
Gukesh is playing in the Freestyle Chess Grand Slam Tour.
What is the Tour de France in Germany ( Weissenhaus), India(Delhi), France ( Paris )
In this match, Gukesh will play against his idol Viswanathan Anand alongside Carlsen.
9 out of 10 candidates were nominated for this coveted award,
The youngster will then have the opportunity to compete in the elite Norwegian Chess 2025 tournament.
Along Wei Yi, Gukesh will face off against Magnus Carlsen and Arjun.
Gukesh did not participate in the same competition last year.
Gukesh participated in Norway 2023 watla tournament
Gukesh and his current teacher, Grzegorz Gajewski, worked side by side.
It is a partnership that has proved to be very fruitful for the outstanding sportsman of India
India to host Para Athletics World Championship
The 2025 edition will be the 12th edition of the event and the 4th time it will be held in Asia.
The Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium was inaugurated as the venue for the Para Worlds 2025 which is scheduled to be held in 2025.
This is the first time that India will host a Paralympic Games.
The announcement was made by the World Paralympic Association ( WPA ) on their website.
This Grand Prix tournament will serve as a warm up to the big tournament scheduled to be held in the month of April.
The Paralympic cycle to Los Angeles 2028 will be in New Delhi.
The World Para Athletics Championships in 2025 will be the largest Para event in the world.
India is one of the best examples of the growth and adoption of Para athletics in the past few decades.
From winning two silver medals at the 2015 World Championships in Doha to winning 17 medals.
Atletico Madrid's first win at Camp Nou in 18 years
Barcelona unbeaten in the league on three occasions
This win propelled Atletico to the top of the table with 41 points.
Barcelona initially took the lead through Pedris first goal.
Manchester City suffered another defeat, the pressure increasingly falling on Pep Guardiola as Aston Villa won 2-1.
Aston Villa have overtaken Manchester City to eighth place in the Premier League table.
Pep Guardiola's side could be relegated to 7th position by the end of the season
On a good start, Villa was close to full within 20 seconds.
Ortega made another good save from the next corner.
A minor earthquake was a harbinger of things to come.
21 - year - old Duran scored in the 16th minute.
Youri Tielemans sent a very nice message to Rogers.
It is yet another bid for a permanent seat in the assembly initiated by the long time owner of the Villa, Duran.
He also had the ball suspended for offside on Saturday.
City were knocked out in the first of the six matches in the league yesterday.
Only the smaller Wolves, Southampton and Leicester have done so more times (12 times ).
Villa Park opened the scoring in the 65th minute when Rogers grabbed a pass from captain John McGinn.
It's like a beast, really, Rogers told TNT Sports of City.
Phil Foden scored a goal for City last season with his first major league goal.
Foden has scored some of Citys best goals, including one last night against the World Cup winning Villa goalkeeper.
First time this season to win eight consecutive Premier League games.
Maresca's men can look forward, if only temporarily, to a win at Everton on Sunday 2020.
That was Enzo Maresca after Chelsea beat Brentford 2-1.
Victory at Everton on Sunday against Chelsea could be a long shot
Chelsea can't wait to be part of the Christmas conversation.
That they are the first team to win eight consecutive league titles.
After a 5 - 1 win against Shamrock Rovers on Thursday, they secured promotion to the Premier League.
After the win against Brentford, Maresca is still expressing his opinion on Chelsea's inability.
But at the moment there is no team that can compete against Liverpool who have won the competition.
Chelsea is still doing its part to make the tournament a memorable one.
They led the league in scoring with 37 goals, 6 more than the leading Liverpool.
And they were bowled out for 19, which is also 6 more than Liverpool.
But when it turns out that they scored 63 runs in the first innings, and 47 runs in the second innings, it is a win.
Chelsea scoring 11 goals against Newcastle is the lowest in the league.
Chelsea are more concerned about the injury than the past.
Explain how the earth cleansed itself of the influence of Enzo Fernandez and Fofana.
The Argentine has also been linked with a move to the French giants.
Chelsea have come a long way from a disappointing start to the season.
That was at a time when they had 48 players and Raheem Sterling was not playing.
Since then he has been loaned to Arsenal.
In an effort to promote books, the winners from the academy were Connor Gallagher, Omari Hutchinson
She felt as if she had been in danger since the summer of 2022.
The 44 - year - old Italian striker, who was Pep Guardiola's assistant at City in 2019.
Conference League to form a strong back - up by providing coaches.
Nicolas Jackson turned out to be a good candidate for the Chelsea transfer.
Maresca uses this Senegalese player much closer to the goal than he did last season.
His tally of seven goals in the league propelled Jackson to 23 goals from 50 appearances.
Only Erling Haaland (40) and Ollie Watkins (25) have scored more goals without penalty.
Jackson's success established Cole Palmer as a creative force.
Maresca's admiration for athletes such as Jadon Sancho, Pedro Neto and Noni Madueke
As expected from the newly formed team and under new coach,
they have a tough time against Brentford and Spurs.
Chelsea's record at Everton is very poor with one win and five defeats.
It has been announced that Ace player Manu Bhaker is being considered for nomination in the Khel Ratna Award.
Manu Bhaker wrote the script in the year 2024, as the ace batsman won two silver medals.
Earlier, she won the bronze medal in the women's 10m sprint event.
became the first Indian to achieve such a feat at the Olympics since Indias independence.
Bhaker asked the participants whether she is entitled to Dhyan Chand Khel Ratna vaccine.
she got a bad rap from the critics, who blamed her for giving birth to her like this post.
Bhaker has indeed submitted her application for the countrys highest sporting honour.
Bhaker had a gunshot wound at the 2020 Tokyo Olympics.
She has returned to Paris to quiet her fans.
She also won gold medals in both CWG and Asian Games.
At the same time, she also bagged the gold at the 2018 CWG.
She also became the youngest Indian to win a gold at the World Cup in 2018.
Bhaker credited Rana for his study which helped her to make history in Paris.
Indian Grandmaster defeated defending champion Ding Liren in the mixed doubles event at the 2020 World Championships.
Viswanathan Anand is another Indian, who has won the World Championship five times.
Gukesh was allowed to compete with Liren after winning the candidates competition.
The race came down to the 14th and final race,
Liren went on to win in the weightlifting contest.
Gukesh, recently returned to India and reportedly taking a short break.
He has decided not to take part in the year end FIDE tournament.
He came back to work next year.
He also won world no. 1 Magnus Karlsen
Gukesh will start its operations in 2025 with Tata Steel.
It will be in Wijk aan Zee in the Netherlands.
This competition will also feature Anish Giri, Erigaisi, Fabiano Caruana, R Praggnanandhaa.
The Gukesh occurs twice a year, during which the Chinese Wei Yi occurs first.
Nick Kyrgios has put Nicolas Mahut in the penalty box for his last match.
Australian tennis star Nick Kyrgios has participated in numerous international tournaments.
Sinner will win it 6-3 Mahut told Eurosport.
Kyrgios is getting ready to come back again.
Another Aussie player has revealed that his comeback will be solely to win the singles title.
The closest Kyrgios has come to lifting such a title is in the 2022 Wimbledon Champions League.
He is the one who can beat Jannik Sinner who can beat the number one player in the world.
Kyrgios was upset by Mahuts speech
Kyrgios return flight to Brisbane International is expected soon.
He recovered from the injury in hand and foot,
Dutch chess player Anna - Maja Kazarian accused FIDE on their doorstep of selling cheap sneakers
Dutch actress Anna - Maja Kazarian is a well - known name among fans.
Twitch poker player fined 100 Euro to FIDE.
She broke her ain riam during the earthquake.
The judge went to her place because of her injuries.
FIDE feels that its jerseys are not ready with the belt fastened.
As per the FIDE guidelines for this tournament, players need to be equipped with appropriate equipment.
Kazarian strongly criticised FIDE for banning fast bowls in FIDE Rapid this year.
The 24-year - old athlete has also pulled the plug on downloading FIDE guidelines for athletes.
Tiger Woods, who has hit 20 home runs in his professional career,
Langer, 67 years old and his son Jason, 24 years old won the title consecutively in the second edition, 2019.
Langer became the only athlete to win the PNC Championship consecutively and welcomed boys as his teammates.
He won twice (2005 and 2006) and Stefan, 2006.
Tiger, shot in the chest 20 times
Charlie ended up in disbelief after a loud noise from the parking lot.
Woods hugged his son as he did when he won the Masters in 2019,
Gukeshs father had a compelling case against a prominent Indian businessman.
Gukeshs father, Rajnikanth, paid tribute to one of Indias foremost educators.
Harikrishna is a 38 year old Grandmaster from Andhra Pradesh,
It was ranked 10th in the world in 2016 and 2770th in the ELO in 2016.
Gukesh and Hari worked together for one week in 2022
Hari was pleased to invite Gukesh to his quarters after he escaped around 2650.
He said that he appreciated the hospitality of Gukesh.
The success of Gukesh has led news channels to be dismissed as old and current rivals
Carlsen has publicly rejected the idea of joining hands against Gukesh for the World Cship title.
The eight teams will meet in the month of February at the annual Freestyle Chess Grandslam 2018.
The Norwegian also gave a name to fast sex as  pure sex. 
Carlsens feelings were soon echoed by Armenias leading educator.
Aronians current FIDE rating is 2747 and he is ranked 11th in the world.
His highest score was 2830 in March 2014.
Carlsen is also one of the founders of aplikeshon.
Aronian is also the fourth highest ranked player in the history of chess.
He won the FIDE World Cup in 2005 and 2017.
He switched from Armenian football to American football in 2021, 2021.
The year 2024 has been a very challenging year for football,
Manchester City have cemented their domestic dominance by once again carrying the title in the Premier League.
Spain introduced a new gold standard to the continent of Europe,
This great defender has been the cornerstone of Manchester City's success in recent years.
Rodri's absence due to injury is clear,
The Argentine singer displayed his natural talent.
Messi scored an impressive 20 goals
by providing 16 grants only in 19 subjects.
he has become Miami's best goalkeeper
Club captained by David Beckham to 74 caps in all competitions
Miamis postseason run ended with a first round playoff loss,
The Messiahs influence is inescapable.
His determination has earned him the title of the most valuable lawyer of the law,
The year 2024 could be the end of the line for Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo.
Altogether, they have been crowned the worlds best athletes 13 times.
They finished as runners - up 11 times, often against each other.
Currently, Ronaldo plays for Al Nassr in Saudi Arabia, 2019.
Messi is with MLS side Inter Miami.
It is anticipated that Manchester City will go through another relegation.
Pep Guardiola's team has suffered an unprecedented economic downturn.
Haaland started the match with a clean sheet.
Real Madrid proved to be a very good team in the summer of 2024 with a spectacular victory.
Sunil Chhetri's last match was on 6th January in Kolkata, where the match against Kuwait ended in a 0 - 0 draw.
Chhetri is currently plying his trade for Bengaluru FC in Indian Super League ( ISL), 2020.
He holds the record as the best goalkeeper in the league.
He still remains as Indias top goal scorer of all time.
The year 2024 marks the end of Kylian Mbappes longstanding relationship.
This 2018 World Cup winner has scored seven goals in 15 appearances.
At Madrid, Mbappe was deployed as a midfielder in the front row of the three 
Spain won the new gold medal at UEFA Euro 2024,
The team made a great showing by beating hosts Germany in the quarter finals,
Spain defeated England, winning 2-1 to claim the title.
Barcelona midfielder Dani Olmo finished as Spain's top scorer with three goals.
Rodri was adjudged as the best sportsman in the sports category, 2019.
Yamal was awarded as the best young sportsman
However, Yamals outstanding performance in the semifinal against France was also adjudged as the team of the tournament, 2019.
Kylian Mbappe stunned fans with a spectacular goal against Sevilla.
Mbappe scored his first goal for Real Madrid in a 4 - 2 win.
He also helped Brahim Diaz to secure Madrid's fourth goal.
Mbappe, who turned 26 on Monday, has had one of the best transitions in the history of Real Madrid.
This Brazilian player kept Mbappe in the middle of the area.
Another French athlete finished 14th overall in this category.
Kylian Mbappe closed the gap and added another goal.
Atletico Madrid beat Barca on Sunday to claim the title on Christmas 2020.
Carlo Ancelotti's side also took the lead with a comfortable win on their own.
Fede Valverde also stole the last ball from far away,
Isaac Romero and Dodi Lukebakio beat Sevilla by 10 runs.
Mbappe, returns after a long absence due to knee injury
He scored for Madrid at halftime as they won the Intercontinental Cup.
Ancelottis side went on a fast pace with the third goal coming in the 34th minute.
Lucas Vazquez scored for Rodrygo which ended in a goalless draw.
Sevilla got off to a good start last night.
Sevilla signed Navas after the end of the season.
He was signed by Santiago Bernabeu.
The coaches of Madrid and Sevilla between gave him this retired Spanish coach.
Navas, 39 years old, won the Europa League four times and the Copa del Rey twice with Sevilla, 39 years old.
His last victory ended in the loss of hope for the Andalusians.
Fernandez was able to defend from Rodrygo after Mbappe rounded the goalkeeper.
He forwarded the message again to his Brazilian friend,
Lukebakio scored another goal for Sevilla.
Madrid managed to finish a very good season,
Manchester United were defeated at home against Bournemouth 3-0
Chelsea missed out on a chance to climb to the top of the Premier League after a 0 - 0 draw.
United coach Ruben Amorim once again dropped Marcus Rashford from the squad
United were beaten four times in seven games in all competitions.
United suffered two defeats after being knocked out of League Cup at Tottenham
The Amorites belief that their highway of retreat would be long and difficult.
Amorim's decision to play without Rashford in the 3rd Test
Antoine Semenyo extended United's lead after two minutes by scoring an impressive goal.
Chelsea are just one point behind Liverpool who have had two matches.
Everton's new chairman Marc Watts was in attendance today at Goodison Park.
Wolves coach Vitor Pereira had his first big dream.
Porto coach Pereira has resigned from the Saudi Pro League.
Manchester City is currently going through a very bad season.
Tania Sachdev, one of the leading stars of the Indian women's movement in the last 15 years.
Sachdev, a three - time Commonwealth Women's Chess Champion.
30 people lost their lives every hour in 2021 in the world, says Director General of World Health Organization.
The hospital is collaborating with a private company to develop a practical and accurate tool for those in need of treatment.
The apex court sought the Centres response to the request for introduction of insecticides in health centres, hospitals.
The milk added to the Nestle brands is compatible with Indian and global food standards.
Skin stones quarried in Andhra Pradesh
Opposition to legalization of prescription drugs
Alcoholic beverages increase the risk of serious cardiovascular disease.
Public release of a multi - format ticket to facilitate the movement of patients coming to Hyderabad
U.S. approves first major drug treatment for insomnia
The villagers of Uttarakhand voluntarily donate the body of a newborn child for the purpose of education in the field of breast cancer.
Indian scientists have developed new therapies for leprosy.
India has half of the estimated number of malaria cases by 2023 in South East Asia.
The lack of access to outdoor recreation facilities has had a major impact on the health of underprivileged people of both sexes.
A high - quality second - line therapy gives a 61 - year - old cancer patient from Kenya a new lease on life
The Bengal Medical Association has launched a fund to honour R.G. Patient's health
Researchers from India have developed an AI - based machine to rapidly identify molecules that can fight cancer
Increase of Waterborne Disease in Thrikkakara Apartments Causes Concern
Improvement of quality of life and health of children to follow the practice of Jylla, Shnong Jylla in India
Learning to accept end - of - life care and palliative care
High availability, and effective application of AI in front line
California to consider extending mental health alerts on social media
How a Dental Implant at an Early Age Can Decrease the Risk of Cancer Later
NMC creates opportunities to catch lepers during lockdown
Extreme cold puts jain mill workers at risk
FSSAI seeks quarterly data on expired and rejected foodstuffs
The Ministers were requested to submit the work plans for implementation of the National Health Policy by next month
National Medical Commission recommends better treatment of  disease centers  before granting approval for new medical colleges or setting up hospitals
New findings on how Long COVID affects the response
Start of competition  Healthy India, Happy India
Disease prevention with the use of genetically modified vaccines
Mobile phone addiction leads to poor sleep in all age groups
Is the Centres care for the elderly affordable?
Ministry of Health launches 100 days campaign to eradicate TB and malaria
U.N. The tail of the coat covers the forehead with black spots, says Udhayanidhi
How is Karnataka progressing in maternal deprivation?
During the protest, Hospitals in Kolkata said that they will not discriminate, they will only accept patients from Bangladesh.
Practical solution for dry skin for winter season of all grades
Access to toilet toilet for handicapped has been delayed indefinitely
Identification of genetic pathways through which South Asians are more likely to acquire the disease, and treatment options.
The remaining stock of anti - TB drugs says tnad ka koit ka khiah
Question saian in the day supplying the earths crust
Why are cholera patients still being treated in remote areas of India?
Skin cancers are more common in not smoking, air pollution believed to be the cause
Life under dewblat cover in Haryana
Diabetes and mental health disorders.
Examining the answer may help some with skin cancer to jump at the chance.
Centre is in the process of answering questions related to AIIMS in Kerala
Education in the field of psychology in India requires physical, mental training to break free from the tyranny of the hierarchy
What is a bleeding ulcer?
Kalaburagi branch of Jayadeva Hospital will be open to public by end of December 2020.
Crusader soldiers fighting for the welfare of those with blood disorders get the countrys blood
Tuberculosis authorities investigate mysterious outbreak in northeastern Congo after 143 deaths
Drinkable water is now on hazardous food list
T.N. Largest Public Hospital Hires Consultants to Talk to Patients, Visitors, Improve Their Conditions
It was discovered that IV water is no longer the culprit, Karnataka writes to the Director of Public Prosecutions seeking an injunction against the manufacturer in relation to the Ballari family accident
Indias history with AIDS and its aftermath
Toxins of heart attack in Bhopal.
Frontline workers in the field of nutrition underlined the importance of providing healthcare to the needy
Outdoor windshields and windscreen coverings
AAP is more interested in milk production than milk production of the villagers
Indias cities, their burden of incurable diseases
HIV prevalence in Telangana halves in 14 years as AIDS awareness increases
40 years after tragic accident in Bhopal, Union Carbide's dirty tricks finally come to an end
New HIV infection, malaria is on the rise, male prevalence is on the rise in Mizoram, Nagaland
Government starts introduction of HIV/AIDS vaccination under Aarogyasri scheme to prevent spread of the disease
Emerging H5N1 strains indicate increased risk of disease in humans
T.N. says it puts its eyes on urgent, urgent need on World AIDS Day
High availability of CD4 test kits in Karnataka affects HIV/AIDS patients
what do we need to do for the next AIDS free
Music Education Conference concluded in Kochi
Blood Test Centre at SCB Medical College, Cuttack to be a centre of excellence for blood cancer
Urgent need to establish a viable vaccine against HIV/AIDS, says AIDS Society of India
UNICEF expresses concern over high HIV prevalence among adolescent girls, boys and girls
HIV/AIDS prevalence is 0.16% in T.N.
4.75 crore people under observation for sickle cell anemia, 0.38% said Chief Medical Officer Nadda
Ongoing initiatives, innovations paving the way in fight against HIV/AIDS epidemic in West Bengal
Supporters of Bilat district bill allowing terminally ill patients to self - terminate
There is no reliable data to confirm the precise cause of the outbreaks just because of sky coverage
NMC gives notice to 20 private colleges in Karnataka on allocation of funds to young students
Indians need to bear the burden of preventing pregnancy.
It is estimated that mental illness will affect about 15.3 billion people by 2050
Lokayuktas surprise visit to K.C. General Hospital  reveal the stolen cash, tax refund
Improvement in the management of the disease, either natural or other, gives patients more opportunities to exercise.
About 14 lakh Ayushman Vay Vandana cards issued for senior citizens above 70 years of age, says Centre
The countrys medical and public health situation is better than the WHOs
WHO calls for increased surveillance of H5N1 avian flu among animals
Replacing the bottle on the back of the dark chocolate bottle benefits.
Mandaviya on Delhi Government  Senior Citizen Care Scheme
AIG Hospital Hyderabad has successfully launched Indias first ever PillBot, a single - use endoscopy device
Currency constraints limit access to deep breathing, the standard of care for children with dystonia, doctors say.
The prevalence of measles among children in Chennai, experts emphasize the need for emergency relief
HIV infection and drug addiction : a study on depression and addiction
UK House of Commons to vote on euthanasia
Tamil Nadu State Government initiative to improve the quality of vaccines for snakes
Will insurance covering visits to doctors and hospitals help to reduce health problems in long - term care settings?
Take this  cancer - causing drug .
Recommendation of the Standing Committee of Ministers to exempt from GST on milk, health
Another careless violation of Kozhikode MCH
India needs a bold approach to fill the unavailable gap, including payment in cancer care
Preventing stillbirth requires re - educating parents, improving maternal care and developing better skills.
WHO experts recommend vaccines to reduce blood quantity
Could blood transfusion be more effective than skin grafting for Type 1 diabetes?
While praising nutrition and exercise, the experts point out that they have not been able to overcome the infection and that GLP - 1 RA has the potential to transform the body.
How Virtual Reality can help treat depression and improve mental health among older adults
Remove Epigamia CEO Rohan Mirchandani due to sudden cardiac arrest.
VR can help those with dementia recall fond memories by recreating familiar locations.
Cows milk vs cows milk, Which is better for increasing bone mass and health?
Actor Ranbir Kapoor said that he has become septic.
By understanding the customs and values, you can adopt a balanced approach that is in harmony with your values.
How many high BP patients get their true results.
IIT Madras teachers look carefully under the childs answer, one section at a time
The risk of being exposed to mosquitoes is due to two factors that can easily be changed.
Is a blood sugar test more effective than a high - blood - sugar test?
Is it possible to dissolve milk in blood by eating it in the morning?
Like a leaf with green leaves, it is rich in essential nutrients that can help you manage your diet.
AIIMS develops new tool to search for non - collaborating skin cancer How AI and ASHA workers work together to forgive mistakes, help catch cancer early
WHO report says India is increasing malaria, TB by 69% per capita
The aim is to collect data from across India which could help AI tools to identify the types of skin cancer that are targeted at Indian women.
How much  fair  AQI applies to each class by Delhi District
While maintaining blood sugar levels, the product may also protect against high blood pressure.
Why are epileptic seizures more likely to develop in young and seemingly healthy people?
How to regain normalcy  Life after a stroke
Is magnesium supplement a medicine? Doctor changes the schedule
Change your lifestyle, drink your drinks regularly and take some medication.
Zakir Hussain's recovery from pulmonary embolism.
Could the risk of heart attack be triggered by 4 minutes of fasting, fasting, sex with wild animals?
New gene therapy for blood cancer
When caring for the elderly is the real Ayushman.
Varun Dhawan handed him the copy which was lying on the empty stomach.
How an Indian scientist discovered the lipid that controls the function of your bones and your bodys immune system.
How Sharmila Tagore made 80s 60s new
How yoga can be your unforgettable 15-minute fitness routine
Measure your food intake as detox drinks can add to your stress.
Can lemon water really cleanse the skin?
Why are epileptic seizures more likely to develop in young and seemingly healthy people?
Both cricketers Imran Patel and K - Drama actor Park Min Jae are in their early 30s, when they suffered a sudden cardiac arrest.
Why are Chennai youths adopting the new cardiac hygiene system along with HIIT
Developed by the Madras Cancer Research Centre, it has been tested and validated for the adverse effects of recreational drug use.
Is avocado a new food of India?
Avoid any foods that may interfere with your memory and function.
What treatments can protect you from infection by ticks in the lungs
These nodules are often the result of overuse, lack of replacement, untreated infection or long - term exposure.
Can even one drink every weekend harm your skin?
Additionally those Indians tended to drink more alcohol, which added so much to the occasion that the skin couldnt repair itself as quickly.
What are the 3 yoga postures that can take the stomach pain?
By combining exercise with relaxation and movement, yoga can improve your physical appearance.
What is the weather like
Oestrogen deficiency leads to redistribution of blood from the placenta and placenta to the uterus.
Is it Covid yet? AIIMS survey shows one third of survivors unable to breathe even after 2 years
Besides the increase in kidney function, experts have also reported changes in eating habits, mood swings and sleep deprivation, for which vaccines are still being developed.
That bag of chips makes you look older
Food inspector recommends street stalls for specially prepared meals
Hundreds of patients have fallen on hard times because they didnt know how important it is to take a Vitamin D supplement.
Understand the doctor and dont buy pills without a doctors prescription.
Is Greek meat the best dish?
Traffic noise or noise, let's break down the online traffic
Does a protein bar or a well - diluted milkshake lower blood sugar?
Any meat that comes in a purse or a bag, or anything that is cooked, is filled with sweet spices.
How the smell of garlic, the new Oxford word of the year, may affect you.
A 25 - year - old girl relates how she came out of the closet by herself
Food safety official warns that bottled water is dangerous
Annual inspection before issuance of licence, says FSSAI.
How Much Bad Cholesterol Causes Heart Disease and How Much Should You Lower It?
This is the best way to prevent recurrent heart attacks and to ensure long - term health.
Researchers explain how food acts as a balancing factor
Researchers are still searching for high - quality or alternative foods that combine with more modern techniques to improve yields.
Why are vegetables a new type of food that energizes the body for cardiovascular health?
They are calorie - dense, sugar - free and cholesterol - free.
How AI is rapidly penetrating HIV hotspots and helping to reduce the spread of the disease
USAID Country Director for India, Dr Steve Olive, on why Indias approach can work for others.
How current health professionals are getting their own apps to prevent HIV infection
Online dating sites are swiping to the left as young people leave dating sites to meet in real places.
Which yoga exercises can reduce joint pain?
In the month of July, a study of AIIMS examined how yoga helps in curing skin cancer.
Why protein and carbohydrate combo at age 30 can help you enjoy age 60
Inflammation of the liver must come from the large bone, not from the bone marrow.
Are Ozempic and Wegovy sea songs as widely used as traditional songs?
 Many patients still need to be treated with oral medicines rather than injections, at least in the early stages,  says a cancer specialist.
What is Indias new vaccination vaccine for leprosy that can be prescribed and Why is this a change of pace?
First in its line of production in the world in 30 years, the efficacy of Nafithromycin is up to 96.7 percent.
What is the new prognosis for stroke and COPD in 50 years? Lancet report predicts 30 percent decrease in hospital admissions
The drug Benralizumab has been found to be more effective than steroids.
Does your Vitamin D decrease due to stress, air pollution?
Use such supplements only when you cannot get enough vitamin D either from sunlight or from foods.
India ranks second among 57 affected countries. The pandemic is coming to an end, says official
Are all health foods really healthy?
What practices of pranayama might increase your anxiety?
There is a belief that only moderate diets can change your skin tone.
Can a pig digest milk in blood?
But all of this can be done privately in a safe place.
The danger lies in the fibers and micronutrients in this waste stream.
How the Delhi bombing affected this family for three generations
What kind of pranayama can help us to maintain a balanced attitude?
Being exposed to airborne PM 2.5, ozone and nitrogen dioxide, the youngest has a severe allergic reaction to dust.
How to Prevent Heart Attack During Pregnancy? Keep BP at 120/80 mmHg or above.
While jaggery has nutritional benefits, its main component is still sugar, which produces taste.
Considering the fact that Indians have many communicable diseases, the risk is associated with the prevalence of BP.
Why Ranbirs ministry has been so successful
How much jaggery is enough for you to eat every day
Hand exercises are very beneficial for your fitness because they work with different parts of your body.
How the discovery of the Nobel Prize - winning microRNA is changing the face of medicine and medical practice.
Experts assess risks and suggest ways of avoiding them
In addition to cancer, researchers across the country are continuing to work with microRNA to search for and treat Alzheimers and other neurodegenerative diseases
Why do blue whales have so much organic food during the winter season
Why do PM2.5 and PM10 affect children more than adults?
This is the time of year when they become very picky eaters
Why her treatment of Navjot Singh Sidhu's cancer is not a complete truth
Most of us have personality traits that shape our personality, affecting those we meet
Moreover, dietary requirements vary from person to person depending on the disease and the stage of the disease
How yoga exercises can help in exam besides board, interviews
Aamir Khan says he had sex with his daughter Ira
Just try this combination of meditation and asanas
Even a low level of PM2.5 can increase the risk of heart attack by 2.5 per cent in a single day, AIIMS official said
Other dangers may include stroke, heart failure and untreated heart attack
Not only the kidneys, the liver has witnesses how other organs are also affected
Sitting 10-plus hours a day?
Why can air pollution cause heart disease?
The test determines the degree to which sexual intimacy is morally acceptable
Are freshly roasted carrots better than roasted?
A joint study by AIIMS, Delhi and Imperial College, London, found that three different blood thinners are effective
Here we break down the online quiz on whether you should go for salads or soups
Why does diabetes go unnoticed?
Irreversible BP? AIIMS is testing a single combo vaccine which is more effective than existing vaccines
Its early symptoms are mild and easy to mistake for everyday ailments
Is the Delhi lockdown triggering the outbreak of foot and mouth disease?
Left Vocal Cord Paresis is a condition in which the vocal cord has lost its tension or tension
This is the most common and rare type of pneumonia affecting young people
Does the presence of iron in your blood make it resistant to iron deficiency?
Singer Shekhar Ravjiani says he lost his voice
While much attention has been given to the physical treatment of arthritis, too often the emphasis has been left on emotional and mental health
Which foods to consume to combat PM2.5, to clean up debris?
You can protect yourself from childhood gum disease by harvesting the gum at the time of childbirth and adding it regularly to the babys diet during the first few years of life
Increase the number of foods that can act as a barrier against malaria
Can the HPV vaccine taken once prevent breast cancer equally?
Congolese Dies of Blood Fever, Which Could Be Another Disease
Children with a family history of type 1 or type 2 kidney disease are at increased risk of developing these diseases
Burn injury vs. injury, How to identify and correct each one in the job?
Advertise California Statewide Due to Bird Flu
Are You at Risk for Dementia?
A 36 year old non - smoker is not a serious skin cancer
But even amid his worsening symptoms and frequent visits to doctors, he was not sent for a dental x - ray
What Is the After Effects of Khia U Ram Kapoors Accident?
Early Signs of Heart Disease in Women
According to experts, 6 out of 10 skin cancer cases are those who have never smoked in their lifetime
Why do your Period Signs get worse during the winter?
Breast Cancer  Dont Wash Your Breast Because It May Spoil It
But it is still possible to get skin cancer even if you have stopped smoking
Why You Feel Your Heartbeat While Sleeping on Pillow, and Cancer May Be Putting Something Wrong in Your Ears
Cancer Research UK estimates that up to 14 per cent of people with skin cancer in the UK have never smoked
India opens its first major biobank in Chennai to revolutionize health and nutrition
Make India the first ever Biobank for Diabetes.
Congos Notable Outbreak That Infected 143 Is Serious Malaria, Authorities Say
Man Died of Lung Cancer
Is Modern Life Forcing Us to Look for New, Refreshing Qualities?
First Louisiana Patient to Have Severe H5N1 Flu in the U.S.
How to protect skin with Psoriasis from skin infections during winter
Dangerous pests inflict terrible damage only 6 hours of sleep every night takes your body
Are Your Diabetes and Allergies Getting Worse?
With hundreds afflicted in Uganda with a mysterious epidemic that leaves cancer patients unable to breathe
Hot water and sohejw 2024 the most popular khriat dawai
Bath Mistakes That Can Damage Your Skin
Can You Replace Dental Implants in a Safe Place?
 The clock that keeps turning  from complacency to urgent need, to speedy recovery, and to world peace
Why Do Kidney Stones Fall During Spring?
In the immediate aftermath of one of the worst droughts in Indian history, India has opened its first ever biobank in Chennai
5 warning signs of heart attack that appear in your eyes for up to a month
A Young Woman Who Heard a Miraculous Ring in Her Ear Was Diagnosed With a Diabetic Cancer
High Omega - 3 Diet May Be Key to Reducing the Risk of Diabetes
Foot Injuries Increase With Age  A Bone Physician Explains Possible Treatments
Inflammation of the stomach leads to inflammatory bowel disease
According to a survey, they have at least 10 million cancer patients and 13.6 million cancer survivors to date, some of the highest rates in the world
Happy Birthday turned into cancer, how allergic disease nearly took the life of a pharmacist
Lifestyle change to improve fertility rate
This recent survey highlighted the prevalence of foot - and mouth disease in India
According to estimates of the International Diabetes Federation, about 134 million Indians will have diabetes by 2045
All You Need to Know About Skin Polyp Infection and Sinus Disease
 Can Stones in the Skin Lead to Cancer?   A Wise Witness Explained
Your favorite foods make you fat by the minute
Does the use of ghee in mouthwash reduce the risk of allergy in children?
Hidden Pests That Hide in Your Ears and How to Protect Them
Bengaluru Sees Increase in Diseases Like Flu, Airborne Diseases
Have You Maintained the Steps Leading to Salvation in Your Life?
Why Does Exercise Hurt Asthma Symptoms and How Can You Fight Back?
Spring is the coldest season for the bald eagle
Public health experts in the UK have expressed deep concern following a sharp increase in alcohol related deaths, which has escalated to a catastrophic event
According to the Alcohol Health Alliance, the prevalence of alcohol alone has increased by 42 per cent since 2019
What Happens to Our Bodies When We Dont Drink Water During the Summer?
According to AHA estimates, up to 9,000 people will have lost their lives due to the pandemic by 2023, and the situation is very worrying
How the vaccine triggers a blood clot
Decades at Risk! New Study Suggests Paracetamol May Cause Heart and Kidney Injuries
What kind of skin cancer does Randy Moss who plays in the American Football League have?
THIS FOOD MAY HELP TO COUNTER CHECKS OF ANXIETY AND DEPRESSION IN JUST TWO WEEKS. 
Daily Activities to Improve Your Kidney Health
Indian Men Are at Risk of 5th Most Dangerous Cancer
India First! Removed cancer from jointed joints with the help of robotic surgery
Exploitation of Narrow Streets in Kanpur Causing Pneumonia and Tuberculosis in Residents
Does Vicks VapoRub clean the mouth?
What exactly is U2 lead singer Larry Mullen Jr. up against?
Can Reiki help to alleviate the pain of cancer?
Mother Takes Two Signs That Her 7 Year Old Son Has Diabetes
 True faith can be three - fold,  says the report
Tested live heart through highways in New Delhi, 20 Km In 27 Minutes
The most important meal of the day is not rice
5 cancer vaccines that should be on your radar by 2025
Research suggests that cattle may be carriers of Bird Flu
This Is One of the Smallest But Most Important Blood Tests Ever
How Digital Devices Affect Your Health, Increasing Risk?
Your loved ones are often the first ones to notice changes in your personality
What Is Spondylosthesis, a Serious Disease of the Spinal Cord Luigi Mangione Has?
Why did Pilate forbid sexual intercourse for sexually abused children?
Hormone imbalance and anxiety linked to stress can lead to irritable bowel syndrome and irritable bowel syndrome ( IBS )
Wise counselors recommend managing anxiety, adopting high - fiber diets, and seeking medical advice for possible symptoms
Aligarh girl gets her hair cut on Thursday after being gang raped
Could Your Personal Sanitation Improve Your Health in Unexpected Ways?
What Type of Diabetes Does Hina Khan Have While Recovering From Diabetes?
Doctors of AIIMS Delhi diagnosed a very serious lung cancer weighing 9.2 kg after surgery for stage 4 lung cancer
Early Signs of a Disease Other Than Cancer or Diabetes
California Bird Flu Small scale and type of disease seen in livestock
Reasonable Suggestions for Preventing Blood Loss During Pregnancy
4  Breast Cancer Survivor Listed 6 Signs He Wants to Avoid
What Is the Translated Septuagint, and How Does It Apply to the Transfiguration?
Are We Doing Enough to Protect Pregnant Women and Children from the Hidden Dangers of Addiction?
It has been defined as the development of thick, scaly skin, an inability to shed the skin, or an inflammation of the skin
Could Vitamin D be the key to ageing gracefully?
Child Fight for Life at Jaipur Hospital After Receiving AB+ Blood Test in Class O+
Number of Youths with COVID-19 Vaccine and Vaccinations, Says Myntri Ka Koit ka Khiah
Jamie Foxx reveals he had a blood clot and stroke in 2023
Is Your Teenagers Screen Age Affecting  Text Neck?
Dengue Disease Outbreaks Across America, Nearly Three Cents From Last Year
Hidden early signs of one of the worlds worst pandemics
 No warning  female breast cancer turns lethal within two years
Thai Singer  Death After Massage  Reminder of How Tragic It Can Be
What bleeding in the head did Brazilian President Lula experience?
Accident Factors That May Affect Your Car Insurance; Key Questions for Drivers
Indias Myopia Crisis - Act Now to Save Our Childrens Eyes
Can an infected mosquito cause serious infections in your stomach?
Vitamin D does not help to increase appetite or increase body strength
A Mysterious Disease, Called Epidemic X, Spreads Across Congo  as WHO Could Not Identify Initially
Doctor Calls for ANY Immunizing Drugs That Can Improve Your Blood To Tumor
Lung cancer rates among men working on the 9/11 recovery program in New York skyrocket
Are your chickens healthy? EPA bans two anti - cancer drugs
New Study Reveals How Fruits and Vegetables Protect You From Breast Cancer
Can a high - fiber diet protect against bone cancer? A new study says no!
Can Moringa diet give you acne free skin?
Is the chronic illness more than just an infectious disease?
Is the Patient's Trust a lost cause with good medical care?
The announcement of the disaster! Why the Ten who have contracted leprosy should pay close attention to this disease
Why Long Stay May Increase Cancer Risk?
Marine with rare skin cancer diagnosed with cancer of the second cervix
The FDA may soon ban artificial sweeteners from beverages, candies and other foods
Common winter injuries and easy steps to avoid
How long does it take to recover from pneumonia
Certain infectious diseases and even diseases can cause this disease
Reasonable Suggestions to Keep Childrens Eyes on the Prize
Shalini Passi says OCD is a way to fight back
Lifestyle, temperament, and skin disease
What Kawasaki, Rare Disease Has Affected Munawar Faruquis Son?
What Is Pneumonia, an Uncommon Disease of the Lung?
Why Do So Many Heart Attacks Happen in the Emergency Room?
Measles cases are on the rise across the US
What is a bone marrow disease and why is it so difficult to treat?
How new approaches to liver and kidney disease are changing lives
Which fatty foods in your diet can improve the function of the skin?
How to recognize and overcome GERD
Dr Sehrawat recommends visiting doctor for urgent and urgent problems of stomach health
Does the Scale Affect Your Eyes?
AIIMS Delhi, is in the process of developing a cost effective treatment, using CAR - T cell therapy, for multiple myeloma, a blood cancer
Is your child allergic? CDC warns that splash pads can cause waterborne illness
By targeting B - cell maturation antigen ( BCMA), this new drug aims to make more advanced cancer drugs cheaper in India
Bird Flu, USDA imposes nationwide fresh milk test
Doctors at AIIMS, Delhi, are working on a novel therapy involving antibody - based adaptive cellular therapy for the treatment of multiple myeloma, a type of blood cancer
A study conducted by AIIMS uses BCMA as a basis for identifying and characterizing different types of skin cancer cells
Mexican Outbreak, Vaccinated IV Drugs Take 13 Childrens Lives
Are Mushrooms Good Foods That You Need?
An Infectious Disease Affecting Millions
Worlds First Breast Cancer Test Promises to Eliminate Breast Cancer Soon
A Serious Disease of the Ear, How Our Impatient Circumstances Affect the Need for Higher Education
Why has the UK introduced Dohkha and Crumpets under the Ad Bathymnai Window?
Heart Disease Is Not All About the Heart
Know which junk foods you should eliminate from your list
Do you suffer from panic attacks, bone pain?
What  Total Change,   Transition to Femininity  for which the Brazilian model is set to make millions?
Good news, Dark Chocolate can chase this silent killer
Outbreak exceeds 300 mark, infecting 79 in Congo
Can dietary and nutritional supplements improve male pattern baldness in a meaningful way?
Bryan Johnson Carrying Bibles on a Preachers Tour
Reuse of the liver for recovery after stroke and liver damage
While still in experimental stage, the technique has yielded excellent results in animal models
Unable to Sleep  May Be Due to Stress But Lifelong Liver Disease
California Raw Milk Exchange  June  Following these tests, Bird Flu strains were found to be present
Avian Influenza H5N1 New Flu Saphriang Kham Soon To Be Released
Secret Signs You May Need to Take Male Breastfeeding Test ASAP!
Are Adaptogens an Improvement in Immune Condition and Improved Health?
Is Your Heart Playing a Trick on You?  Here Are Some Life - Changing Surgeries for Untreated Heart Disease
61 - YEAR - OLD MANS COURAGE WITH HIGH Tuberculosis Ends at Mumbai Hospital
Love of Coffee Morning?
According to National Cancer Registry, India will have 14,61,427 new cases of cancer by 2022
WHAT a popular Christmas dish has to do with the deadly disease Listeria
A deadly outbreak of foot - and - mouth disease has been reported in northeastern Congo
Experts accuse Navjot Singh Sidhu over allegation that his wife got knocked out of stage 4 by highly processed food
Air temperature in Delhi has again risen to Severe
104 years old ice rink in Shimla opened for this event
Cyclists explore the Leh plain by walking through narrow streets and narrow mountain roads
Indira Gandhi International Airport in Delhi connects 150 destinations worldwide
Wealthy birds return to Sultanpur National Park after 10 years
Uttarakhand plans to launch international ferry service at Tehri port to promote international tourism
Ayodhyas Ram Temple won Sword of Honour award for Excellence in Defence
The backwaters of Rajasthan become hot summer spots for domestic and international tourists
Sikkim's new international police force is alerting potentially dangerous travellers from India
Vietnam offers resorts and international tourism for tourists from India
Bhutan's coral roads are still open to attract international tourists interested in coral
Dry pools of Ladakh provide hot spring visits for tourists
Village tours of Kerala provide tourists with real experiences in the countryside
Goa is developing tourist routes to boost its Portuguese tourism
Andaman birdwatching routes cater to bird lovers seeking peaceful retreats
International tourism in Nagaland involves traditional handicrafts to attract international tourists
Sri Lankas coastal shipping routes cater to Indian families for leisure travel
Kazakhstan opens hiking trails for international tourists
Vietnam's hot spots emerge as preferred holiday destinations for international tourists from India
Campsites in the hills of Uttarakhand offer guided tours of warm hospitality
Annual Ladakh Ice Stupa fair attracts tourists and artists related to pearl
Kerala shows world record for backwater fisheries
Goa is launching a global initiative to expand to the cities most in need of its infrastructure
Vietnam urges Indian universities to promote cooperation in international education
Sri Lankas hill country opens its door to international tourists from India and abroad
Kazakhstan cooperates with shipping companies to provide cheap shipping to Indian tourists
Rajasthan high quality tourist attractions cater to international tourists seeking visits to the royal palace
Sikkim Wildlife Tours are gaining popularity amongst the butterfly and Indian wildlife enthusiasts
Nepal holds World Tourism Awards for Indian tourists interested in tourism
Bhutan reports an increase in tourist visits to temples and religious sites
Kerala launches eco - lodges to attract international tourists who are keen to take a leisure tour
Andaman tribes hold assembly to stop diamond drilling underwater mining project
Nagaland ethnic groups celebrate Thai independence and welcome foreign tourists
Wildlife walks of Ladakh are gaining popularity among domestic and international tourists
A Vietnamese branch distributes cooked meals to tourists from India who are looking for delicious dishes
Need for tourists from India looking for Tamil railway stations
Kazakhstans ancient Silk Road sites benefit from Indian history museums
Goa's healthcare facilities attract international tourists seeking luxury resorts
Rajasthan invites collaborators and international tourists for international tourism
Kerala launches international airports to cater to its fast food needs
They feel that the Andaman Islands are getting light as the best travel destinations
Vietnam opens up river routes for Indian tourists seeking long term investment in Thailand
Nagaland Special Police Force gains recognition among supporters of sustainable tourism in the state
Bhutan's tourist attractions attract tourists from India seeking spiritual and peaceful retreats
Sri Lankan resorts attract cheap tourists and tourists from India
Sikkim's highways witness the emergence of equality among young Indians
Kazakhstan is opening a number of exhibition halls to attract Indian and international tourists
Rajasthan hotels continue to be the preferred choice for wedding receptions and special occasions
Vietnam highlighted special tourism and business opportunities for international tourists from India
Kerala's tea gardens attract international tourists who are eager to have meetings at the national level
Goa enables tamasa generation to revive the tourism industry in the country
Nepal to designate Lumbini as a centre of spiritual pilgrimage for Indian Buddhists
Dried river treks of Ladakh are gaining popularity among trekking enthusiasts around the world
Sri Lankas coral - bearing national parks attract potentially stopover tourists from India and abroad
Nagaland has launched a global initiative to promote sustainable development of rural areas of India
Andaman Islands provide international whale watching tours to attract wildlife enthusiasts
Vietnam's tourist attractions have been rated as must visit destinations for international tourists from India
Kazakhstan's winter sports attract Indian tourists and snow lovers
 Rajasthan's hot springs are receiving international recognition for sustainable development 
The backwaters of Kerala attract solitary travellers seeking peaceful retreats
Sri Lanka offers excellent facilities to attract curious tourists from India
Goa makes tamasa phlim attract international tourists interested in tourism
Wildlife sanctuaries in Nagaland are gaining popularity amongst coral lovers around the world
Low cost cruises of Andaman Islands attract tourists seeking convenient sea connections
Vietnam opens cross - coast routes for Indian tourists interested in history
Nepals mountain resorts attract trekkers seeking Himalayan trekking routes
Incorporate Kazakhstan among the successor countries of the Silk Road to boost Indias international competitiveness
Visa free travel to Russia for international tourists from India could be launched by 2025
Sunburn Goa 2024 will be from 28 - 30 December 2024
Visitors explore Jaipurs historical sites filled with fascinating artifacts, sculptures, and handicrafts
Bird watchers see flamingos flooding into the Gujarat deserts during their annual migration
Elliott Ferguson joins Brand USA board as Chairman for 2025
Tourists witness Varkala's rugged mountains overlooking secluded beaches and picturesque resorts
Garuda Indonesia selects more efficient routes to transport its vehicles from Sabre
Malaysia hits 1 million international tourists from India in 11 months with growth of 71.7%
Honeymooners head to Kudremukh forests full of wild animals and amazing views of the forests
Taiwan Tourism appoints Paul shih as Director for Singapore office
International tourists visit Lucknows famous landmarks that showcase Nawabi architecture and rich culture
Tourists are always on the lookout for beautiful temples that showcase Indias amazing natural beauty
UAE's toughest restrictions affecting travel from India amid visa waiver
Arunachal Pradesh ranks high on the list of tourist attractions
Goa continues to emerge as a highly sought after destination
Manali, Mussoori and Shimla witness second wave of tourist arrivals
New Indian Railways to launch Heritage Tourism
International tourist arrivals up to 30% Andaman Islands
The rivers of Kerala have been named among the top 10 natural hotspots in the world
Uttarakhand plans to develop World Heritage Sites for trekkers and mountaineers
Madhya Pradesh reported the highest number of people visiting wildlife sanctuaries this year
Bali Police Release Emergency Packages for Reception of Indian Couples and Relatives
Open Thailand visa for international tourists from India this holiday
Vietnam is becoming a favourite destination for tourists from India who are considering the manga industry
Manali has received the highest number of international tourists during the monsoon season this year
The coral welcomes trekkers and hiking trails in the Himalayas which give it spectacular views
Sikkim prepares for winter tourism by improving infrastructure and facilities
Sri Lanka opens visa - free entry to Indian tourists to promote international tourism
Historic sites of India recognized by UNESCO as World Heritage Sites
Sri Lanka offers excellent facilities to attract curious tourists from India  Deccan Herald
Goa makes tamasa phlim attract international tourists interested in tourism
Wildlife sanctuaries in Nagaland are gaining popularity amongst coral lovers around the world
Low cost cruises of Andaman Islands attract tourists seeking convenient sea connections
World tourists are interested in the unique architecture of Rajasthan which is embedded in the palaces and castles of the state
Seafarers relax under Goas sun while enjoying seafood and soft drinks
Tourists are attracted to the Darjeeling Gardens offering scenic views and views of the hills
Pilgrims visit temples in Tamil Nadu seeking divine blessings and spiritual peace
Tourists explore the Andaman Sea's rugged rivers that boast marine life and underwater wonders
The Hindu Temples Guide of Tamil Nadu is a spiritual and architectural guide
Monks chanting prayers inside temples in Ladakh surrounded by snowcapped Himalayan mountains
Trekkers walk through Meghalaya wildlife of tropical rainforests
Tourists take in Mumbais vibrant nightlife and delicious food
Tourists stroll through the historic sites of Delhi  simultaneously enjoying the architecture and the vibrancy of the present
Attractions in Rishikesh include white water rafting, bungee jumping, and other interesting activities waiting
Pearl lovers delight in the valley of Kashmir which offers amazing attractions and adventures
Hikers climb Sikkims snowcapped roads surrounded by palm trees and snow - covered hills
Tourists marvel at the palaces of Jaipur which showcase the royal history of Rajasthan and colonial architecture
The Darjeeling Botanical Gardens Tour is a unique international tour
Traders pass through Hyderabad caves offering Deccan jewels, spices, and spices
The magnificence of the ruins of Hampi is a testament to the greatness of the Vijayanagara empire
Devotees gathered in the forests of Varanasi to witness prayers and spiritual rituals on the river
Pondicherry tour of tourist resorts is a joint venture of near sea ports
The special attractions of Meghalaya are the rivers, creeks, and the impressive living fossils
Farmers take advantage of Coorgs extensive coffee plantations nestled among the green hills
Lokki jor enjoy exploring the Udaipur backwaters surrounded by palaces and beautiful gardens
Hyderabad tourist places to visit are Charminar, Golconda fort etc
Sports enthusiasts flock to Chennai sports venues that feature classical music and fireworks
Tourists enjoy the atmosphere of the Khnai Nagaland which combines the colour and heritage of Naga tribes
Travelers traverse the valleys of Bhutan to find temples high in the Himalayas
World tourists admire the endless beauty of the Taj Mahal which shines brightly in Agras sunlight
Tourists explore Shimla construction site while surrounded by pine forests and mountain air
The beautiful scenery of Gangtok along with its peaceful Buddhist temples is appreciated by the pearl hunters
History buffs marvel at Mahabalipurams architecture that reflects Indias rich cultural heritage
Artists find inspiration in Kolkatas streets littered with art, books, and history
Patan Hindu Village Displays Gujarat Treasures in Construction and Tourism
Experts are looking for a new Bangalore coach that combines modernity and sportsmanship of Karnataka
The Vizag coast is sought after by sea travellers for its picturesque beaches and rich maritime history
Boaters navigate the Alleppey rivers which provide safe passage through the backwaters of Kerala
The Districts of Himachal Pradesh are Kullu, Manali and beyond
The Guide to the Hindu Temples of Odisha is a guide to the traditional rituals of muluk pilgrims
Pioneers witness the citys expansion of the Auroville  offering instruction in relaxation techniques
World tourists visit Mysore Royal Palace which is illuminated during Dussehra with royal grandeur and beauty
Worshippers visit Puri temple to observe traditional and traditional rituals of Odisha
An in depth study of the architectural marvels of Fatehpur Sikri is a fascinating insight into Mughal history
World tourists cruise the rivers of Rishikesh enjoying unparalleled happiness and peace of mind
Pilgrims drink water at the sacred Pushkar waterfall during the world famous camel race
Mysore kolshor are palaces, tamasa Dussehra, and silk sarees
Hikers climb the Lonavala hills by soaking up the rains rays and fresh air
Animal lovers explore Gir forest by watching Gujarat Asian black lions roaming free
Families enjoy the Shillong streams surrounded by lush forests and lush vegetation
International tourists are flocking to Jodhpurs four - story houses that soar under the bright sun of Rajasthans jungle
Examination of the ancient ruins of Golconda fort is an examination of the lost civilization of Hyderabad
Tourists cruise through the ruins of Hampi to rediscover Karnatakas ancient city of wonders at the wheel
Pilgrims visit the Golden Temple of Amritsar for spiritual comfort and wholesome meals
Pilgrims gather at Madurai temple to pay homage to famous architect and artist Meenakshi
Tourists relax on Dius beaches by exploring Portuguese forts and port facilities
History lovers come across the Ajanta caves with its deep caves and ancient Indian artifacts
Tourists relax at Kanyakumari by witnessing the sunrise over Indias southernmost ocean junction
we should not bury tamasa kolshor in Tamil Nadu
Himachals international exhibitions are a tourist paradise
Tourists cruise through the lush Sundarbans forests encountering Bengal tigers and wildlife
Wildlife Sanctuaries in Karnataka: the most important wildlife sanctuaries for honey bees
you can get a feel for the boat by searching the back waters of Alleppey
Tourists enjoy Kodaikanals wide open spaces lined with ponds, rivers, and lush forests
Worshippers go to the hills of Tirupati to seek blessings at the revered Balaji temple in Andhra Pradesh
A visit to the sacred temples of Varanasi is a spiritual journey
The hill resorts of Uttarakhand are the most popular holiday destinations for tourists
Families stroll through Ooty's botanical gardens surrounded by lush vegetation and manicured fields
Traders take advantage of Alleppey's houseboats plying the backwaters of Kerala
A walk through the gardens of Darjeeling is a pleasure
Hikers conquer the Zanskar trails offering snow - covered mountains and pure Himalayan forests
Pilgrims meditate at Bodh Gayas Mahabodhi temple under the Bodhi hdai tree
A tour of the French Residences in Pondicherry is a joint venture of the Colleges
The meeting in the forest at Jaisalmer was an unforgettable experience.
The visit to Rameswaram is a spiritual retreat.
Travelers explore the Cherrapunji caves surrounded by flowing rivers and underground wonders.
The quality of Munnar is excellent customer service.
The tour of the hill towns of Odisha is a tourist attraction.
The golden rays of Meghalaya are the rays of the pearl.
Explorers have passed through the rain forest of Agumbe, the resting place of the monarchs and the mysterious secrets of the solar eclipse.
Travelers stroll along the streets of Khla Araku admiring the lush green vegetation and the rich cultural heritage of the islands.
A walk through the coffee plantations of Coorg is a pleasant journey.
Travelers stroll along the streets of Khla Araku admiring the lush green vegetation and the rich cultural heritage of the islands.
Tourists walk alone on Mumbais seafront and local amenities.
Pilgrims travel through the Tawang hills to visit the remote temples and attractions of Arunachal Pradesh.
A visit to the Buddhist temples of Ladakh is a spiritual journey.
Families love the hilltop resort of Mount Abu which offers ponds, temples, and bathing areas.
The search for the hot springs of the Rann of Kutch is a jungle adventure.
Madurais Hindai Town is an extension of the railway.
Wildlife tour of Jim Corbett National Park is very interesting and interesting
Its calm beaches make Andaman and Nicobar Islands feel like a natural paradise.
The Silk Road in Sikkim is a popular tourist destination.
The magnificent Temples of Bhubaneswar are a spiritual Odyssey.
A trip through the shopping malls of Chennai is a party of a lifetime.
Hikers traverse Spiti wilderness to cross the Tibetan plateau between scenic and scenic spots. Hikers pass through Dandeli forests with guided hiking trails on rivers and wildlife trails
Pilgrims visit the temple of Lord Rameswaram to seek divine blessings on the holy coast of Tamil Nadu.
Travellers cruise along the banks of the Teesta River admiring the rapids and the magnificent beauty of the pearl of Sikkim.
Pilgrims rest on the pristine beaches of Gokarna offering peace of mind and clean air.
Visitors appreciate the views of Mahabaleshwar overlooking green valleys and rolling hills
Wildlife enthusiasts are also imitating Kaziranga pigs feeding on honey in protected forest areas of Assam
Hikers take a guided walking tour of the Dandeli forests along rivers and wildlife trails
World tourists visit Ajmer Dargah to seek blessings at the famous Sufi pilgrimage site of Rajasthan
The rolling Himalayas are ideal hiking routes for tourists
Families vacation in the picturesque village of Lachen, which is surrounded by snowcapped mountains of Sicily.
The drive through the desert towns of Rajasthan is a marvel of speed and convenience.
The Sacred Trees of Varanasi are wonderful treasures.
Cyclists travel along the narrow streets of Munnar through lush gardens and windswept hills.
World tourists visit historical buildings of Agra after Taj Mahal.
The Bharatpur Wildlife Sanctuary attracts bird watchers to observe migratory birds among the wildlife sanctuaries.
The hidden Wahduid of Chhattisgarh is associated with the Immaculate Conception of Mary.
Khajuraho temples showcasing traditional Indian arts and crafts fascinate tourists.
Excursionists spend long hours in the waters of Lakshadweep, spotting the mountains and the sea life.
The sprawling bazaars of Jaipur are a tourist's paradise.
The famous Tamasa of Gujarat emphasizes the importance of health and fitness.
Travelers enjoy sailing on Nainital Island amid the rugged Himalayan foothills and clear skies.
Visiting the Hindu Temples of Tamil Nadu is a spiritual journey.
Exploring Lakshadweeps rugged rivers is an international tourist attraction.
International tourists are impressed by the magnificence of the Charminar which reflects the architectural genius of Hyderabad.
Pilgrims flock to Srisailam Temple to seek blessings among the Andhra community.
The Nagarjuna Sagar Dam is visited by tourists with a wealth of history along with interesting water features.
Traders are eager to buy such bangles and handlooms near Charminar.
The trekkers passed through the lush orchards of the Araku Valley, surrounded by lush green mountains.
Pilgrims visit Golconda Fort to showcase Hyderabad's history in the park along with hidden monuments.
The devotees gathered at Yadadri Temple to celebrate the spiritual and cultural heritage of Telangana.
Tourists appreciate the beautiful views of the Horsley Hills and the peaceful nature of the hill station.
Marble lovers walk along Kuntala River with a marvel of the longest river in Telangana.
International tourists pass by Hyderabad Palace to witness the richness and history of Nizam period.
Cyclists take to Hyderabads Necklace Road enjoying the peaceful sidewalks and sunny skies.
Wildlife hunters chase wild animals in Kawal Wildlife Sanctuary among the lush forests of Telangana.
Families walk together in the village of Ramoji  without interruption  carrying burdens and responsibilities.
Visitors appreciate the peaceful architecture of Birla Mandir which blends modernity with spirituality.
Tourists visit the Warangal Fort to visit the ruins of the ancient Kakatiya Kingdom of Telangana.
Tourists marvel at the Salar Jung Library in Hyderabad which houses various collections of natural history.
The farmers also took advantage of the beauty of Anantagiri hill which is situated between the coffee plantations and the forests.
Tourists enjoy the peace of Hussain Sagar under the citys famous Buddha statue.
The bird sanctuaries of Kolleru valley are appreciated by tourists because they are full of endemic species of birds.
The tourists approach Bhongir Fort by climbing the white walls and enjoy Telangana attractions.
Pilgrims gather together at Chilkur Balaji Temple to seek blessings through spiritual rituals.
International tourists take Kakatiya Kala Thoranam statue which symbolizes endless beauty of Telangana
Tourists explore Pocharam Wildlife Sanctuary by observing wildlife amongst the untouched coral reefs of Telangana
Families relax at Hyderabad's Durgam Cheruvu enjoying spectacular view of the pond and sports
Visitors marvel at Medak Cathedral that features Gothic architecture and historical significance
Wildlife traffickers smuggle Deccan Plateau animals all over the tropical forests
Hikers explore the Vikarabad hills by finding peaceful resting places among the four coral reefs
Tourists contemplate at the Caesaragutta Temple amidst peaceful surroundings and sacred history
International tourists stroll through Hyderabads beautiful streets eagerly shopping and dining on the streets
Visitors admire Hyderabad Buddha statue which is beautifully situated on Hussain Sagar hill
Tourists visit Golkonda Cemetery to explore the ancient history of the city and Mughal influence
Families enjoy Hyderabad's Tank Bund with its gardens, water fountains, and underwater parks
Cyclists ride on Hyderabad's outer ring road by crossing long narrow lanes filled with traffic
International tourists visit Hyderabads Shamirpet waterfall to capture its permanent waters and four coral reefs
Artists take to Hyderabad's sunny skies sculpting heritage monuments
Tourists explore Karimnagar temples by capturing the spiritual heart and rich cultural heritage of Telangana
Hikers stroll through the forests of Eturnagaram admiring the beauty of the untouched pearl and the sights of the chirping wild animals
Pilgrims visit Tempe Vemulawada to seek spiritual blessings and peaceful spiritual experiences
Pilgrims cruise on the Godavari River admiring the rapids and wetlands of the Deccan
Visitors admire Hyderabad palace which showcases the richness and opulence of Nizam era
Families tour Hyderabads Nehru Zoo with a tour of various species of wild animals
International tourists appreciate Hyderabads famous Haleem which emphasises the importance of food during festive season
Wildlife lovers visit Pakhal Bay to enjoy the peaceful surroundings and observe migratory birds
Tourist attractions include the colorful Gandikota River and the Indian Ocean with its natural wonders
World tourists visit the Jain sites of Telangana in search of sacred hills and centuries - old structures
Pilgrims navigate Hyderabad's blue waterways with a fascinating insight into architecture and architecture
Families welcome opening of Lumbini Park water fountains and green gardens
Pilgrims travel through the hills of Papi along the Godavari River in search of untouched pearl treasures
International tourists visit Qutb Shahi Tombs in Hyderabad illustrating Indo - Islamic architecture
Honeymooners relax at Hyderabads Osman Sagar Waterfall offering peace and tranquility
Visitors marvel at Telanganas 1000 - foot Tempi that combines deep architecture and spirituality
Pilgrims pray at Basar temple to seek wisdom from the blessings of Goddess Saraswati
International tourists visit Hyderabads Taramati Baradari with access to historical monuments and art treasures
Pilgrims walk through the Telangana Wildlife Sanctuary  discovering fascinating wildlife and vibrant social life
Tourists visit Devarakonda hills of Telangana and discover interesting sights and historical sites
Customers take advantage of Hyderabad's Char Kaman Road which combines the history of the railway with the architectural heritage
Families relax at Shilparamam by enjoying arts, crafts, and leisure activities
Tourists visit Bonalu temple which showcases Telangana's rich cultural heritage and vibrant community spirit
Pilgrims explore the Gadwal valley by visiting the saree tynrai temple and the ruins of ancient fort
Pilgrims visit Bhadrachalam temple to pay homage to Lord Ramas special blessings
Animal lovers go to Pocharam Dam to enjoy the peaceful pearl among the four green spots
Hikers walk through the Adilabad forests to capture hidden waterfalls and pearl trails
Families celebrate Hyderabad's tropical climate by celebrating hot and humid summers
Tourists explore Telangana caves with natural beauty and historical significance
Pilgrims also meditate at Alampur Navabrahma temples by attending important spiritual and architectural meetings
Pilgrims walk along the narrow footpaths of Telangana among the dense forests
Families enjoy Hyderabads Mir Alam Tank for relaxing in peaceful places and boat excursions
Tourists appreciate Hyderabads historic Purani Haveli which showcases Mughal architecture
Tourists enjoy the tamasa shad of Telangana tribals which offer fresh colour and rich spices
World tourists visit Ramappa pond relaxing amidst lush vegetation and fresh evergreen water
Cyclists attract tourist attractions of Telangana by combining tourist attractions and tourist routes
Tourists enjoy the Laknavaram beach of Warangal, a quiet spot with suspended platforms
Traffickers smuggling various wild animals of Telangana through protected forest areas and game reserves
Tourists discover Karimnagars Buddhist temples that combine peace, history, and picturesque surroundings
Pilgrims walk on Tandur roads of Telangana in search of precious stones and crystals
Pilgrims gather at Dharmapuri Temple to appreciate the spiritual and religious diversity of Telangana
Families enjoy wildlife viewing in the backcountry and in the forest
Tourists explore Telangana's historical forts by visiting the fort of courage and ancient monuments
Mahabubnagar reservoir attracting international tourists
Pilgrims travel through the forest roads of Telangana enjoying fresh air and peaceful solitude
Visitors marvel at the Nizamabad forts which showcase Deccan architectural wisdom and historical grandeur
Pilgrims visit Siddipet waterfalls by participating in water sports and local activities
Households walking on Hyderabads Jalavihar by taking advantage of convenient connections and water connections
Tourists seek out traditional Telangana arts and crafts that emphasize colour and traditional handicrafts
Tourists appreciate Hyderabad's Irani chai offered at government restaurants and fast food outlets
Tourists go to the hills of south Telangana to find interesting tombs and shrines
The pilgrims approach Rudreshwara Temple admiring the surrounding walls lined with colorful ornaments and sturdy four - corners
Cyclists are keen to cycle in the off - roads of Hyderabad and the surrounding areas
International tourists seek Telanganas stone temples that blend the beauty of the pearl with the history of the colossus
Tourists relax at Hyderabads Taramati Baradari enjoying music, dancing, and entertainment
International tourists visit Delhi's four corners reviving Mughal history and culture
Tourists visit Hawa Mahal of Jaipur impressed by architectural beauty and majesty of the palace
Pearl lovers hike Hampta Pass of Himachal Pradesh to experience the beauty of the hills
Pilgrims gather together in the forests of Varanasi to enjoy the spiritual refreshment of the river Ganga
Tourists enjoy relaxing at Keralas Kovalam beach by resting amid the warm waters and dense forests
Wildlife hunters visit Ranthambore National Park by hunting Bengal tigers in their habitats
World tourists marvel at the Golden Temple of Amritsar that reflects the unique nature of the Sikh religion
Tourists roam the Uttarakhand Flower Garden looking for interesting flowers and places to visit
Families visit Mahabalipuram's Tempi Shore enjoying the beauty of the sea shore and sandy beaches
Hikers navigate the mighty rivers of Rishikesh by burning interesting links between the remote Himalayan mountain ranges
Tourists stroll through Keralas silent valley taking in the lush green vegetation and diverse wildlife
Tourists meditate at the Bodh Gaya temple by finding rest under the sacred Buddha tree
Pilgrims visit Fatehpur Sikri of Agra to explore Akbars architectural marvels and historical sites
Cyclists explore Leh's roads by combining long commuting routes and challenging hiking trails
Families enjoy Shimla's free walking tour through tourist spots and pine forests
International tourists stay in Mussoorie enjoying the beauty of the hills and Himalayan views
Beach lovers approach Nainital by boat amid the calm waters and surrounding hills
Pilgrims visiting Rameswaram Temple, bathing in the divine energy of Tamil Nadu's sacred beaches
Tourists stroll through the ruins of Hampi showing the ancient city of Karnataka and its historical monuments
Animal lovers visit Periyar Wildlife Sanctuary to observe wild horses among the lush jungles of Kerala
Farmers take advantage of Coorgs coffee plantations surrounded by high mountains and lush valleys
Pilgrims approach Nubra Valley of Ladakh by passing through jungles surrounded by snowcapped mountains
Tourists relax on Goas beaches by enjoying seafood, good nightlife, and fresh water
Pilgrims visit the temples of Tirupati to discover the rich cultural heritage of Andhra
Families visit the gardens of Darjeeling to learn gardening among the beautiful hills
International tourists flock to Meghalayas vibrant art scene by combining beauty with natural wonders
Tourists explore Pondicherrys natural environment with an interest in coastal heritage and colonial history
Tourists visit Sikkims temples to find a Buddhist pilgrimage among remote hill stations
Tourists visit Arunachal Pradeshs Ziro Valley to admire the beauty of the temples and the natural beauty of the places
Pilgrims visit Puri temple by taking part in interesting Rath Yatra activities
Fishermen explore Chilika lake of Odisha by observing migratory birds and fresh water
Pilgrims pass through the Khla Zanskar roads by crossing long pedestrian paths and untouched nature trails
Households relax on Dal beach by taking a dip in the houseboats and enjoying the beautiful views of Srinagar
Tourists marvel at the Ajanta caves with a fascination for ancient Indian arts and Buddhist history
World tourists visit the Jaisalmer fort of Rajasthan enjoying the beauty of the jungle and its natural treasures
Pilgrims gather at Haridwar art festivals to celebrate traditional Ganga rituals
Tourists climb Munnar hills enjoying high altitude gardens and cool mountain air
Excursionists spend long days on the Andaman Sea coast and discover riverine mountains and marine life
Families relax on Kodaikanal Bay, sailing between windy hills and lush vegetation
Pilgrims visit Udaipur palaces by roaming the palace grounds amidst lush gardens and ponds
Fishermen take the Athirappilly river of Kerala among the lush forests and clean nature
World tourists visit Gujarats Gir forest to observe Asiatic lions roaming in their natural habitat
Hikers stroll along the paths of Lonavala taking in the spectacular views of the rain and the beautiful waterfalls
Visitors head to Indias gateway city of Mumbai to learn about maritime history and deep sea life
Pilgrims travel along Kedarnath roads crossing spiritual pilgrimage routes amidst hillside attractions
Pearl traders rest in Solang valley of Manali by searching for interesting sights and hot spots
Families walk past the Victoria Memorial in Kolkata admiring the architectural and historical monuments
Tourist visits to Chandigarh Stone Garden with a wide range of sought after and new products
Pilgrims visit Mount Abu temples to seek tranquility amid the rugged hill country of Rajasthan
International traders roam the streets of Jaipur to buy handicrafts, jewellery, and jewellery
Tourists take advantage of Kashmirs Mughal gardens featuring a variety of flowers and the lush Dal valley
The trekkers cross the Brahmaputra River by crossing the backwaters and wetlands of Assam
Families enjoy hiking along the banks of the Lavasa River to explore Indias first major hill station
Tourists visit the Ajanta - Ellora caves of Maharashtra containing ancient monuments and Buddhist temples
Pearl traders visit Malshej Ghat admiring the rolling hills and lush green vegetation of the valley
Hikers contemplate Mount Kailash by embarking on traditional Himalayan treks
Hikers trekking in the Dzukou Valley of Nagaland in search of tropical forests and untouched areas
International tourists visit Chittorgarh fort of Rajasthan to witness Indias rich culture and heritage
Tourists relax at Auroville Cathedral by enjoying peace amidst the wonders of modern architecture
Pilgrims approach Gujarats Rann of Kutch by catching wild tamarinds and umbrellas
Families visit Meghalayas Shillong hill by enjoying the beautiful scenery and peaceful atmosphere of the hills
Peacekeepers visit a wildlife sanctuary in Maharashtra to observe rare birds and plants
Hikers ascend the Kinnaur Valley of Himachal passing through snowcapped valleys and hills
Pilgrims visit Tamil Nadus Kanchipuram Temple with silk weaving rituals and spiritual practice
Tourists stroll through the historic fort of Lucknow with a fascination of Nawabi architecture and railway history
Tourists marvel at the Sanchi Stupa that displays ancient Indian Buddhist statues and relics
Buyers take advantage of Himachal Pradesh's unique climate and scenic landscapes
Families eagerly await the arrival of the international tour and the pearl of great price
Peacekeepers visit Arunachal Wildlife Sanctuary to observe beautiful birds and birds of prey
International tourists admire Varanasis temples that light up the banks of the Ganga during the popular nightlife
Tourists enjoy Mahabaleshwar's green gardens with fresh fruits and peace of hills
Pilgrims hike up to Kedarnath Temple to seek divine blessings amidst awe - inspiring hillsides
Travelers find Kerala's footpaths among coffee plantations and dense forests
Tourists visit the Spiti Valley of Himachal in search of remote temples and remote wilderness areas
International tourist stop at Bir Billing overlooking beautiful valleys and hills of Himachal
Pearl lovers explore Gujarat National Park with fascinating sea creatures and wildlife
Families flock to Auli ski resorts to experience Indias winter wonderland among snowcapped mountains
Tourists see Jodhpurs four - story houses glittering beneath the clear blue sky of Rajasthans jungle
Tourists visiting Himachal Hill enjoy a scenic drive through the rugged rivers and backcountry
Tourists visit the Varkala hills of Kerala admiring the beautiful views of the sea and the pristine beaches
Tourists contemplate the shrines of Rishikesh that welcome tranquility on the banks of Ganga
Travellers head to Arunachals Mechuka Valley to experience the untouched beauty of the Himalayas and the diversity of ethnic groups
Families flock to Gujarats Diu valley to explore Portuguese ancestry and sun - bathed beaches
Tourists visit the Konark Sun Temple of Odisha marveling at the intricate carvings and intricate paintings
Pearl lovers visit Kasol Valley of Himachal enjoying peace along rivers and lush forests
Travellers love Mawlynnong in Meghalaya, Asias most sacred city among the sacred coral reefs.
Tourists marvel at the Pushkar lake of Rajasthan while enjoying a beautiful horse race.
The pearl lovers are on their way to Maharashtras Kaas hill, Indias very pearl valley.
The trekkers point at Kedarnath, passing through the rugged mountain roads of Uttarakhand.
International tourists visit the Dharamshala of Himachal, explore Tibetan culture and Himalayan traditions.
Families relax at Keralas Varkala Lake, which combines rugged mountain ranges with pristine beaches
Pilgrims approach the Pangong peak of Ladakh, marveling at its winding roads and peaceful surroundings
Wildlife enthusiasts visiting Assams Kaziranga Park, watch wild animals strolling amidst the lush greenery
Visitors also take advantage of the Amer Fort of Rajasthan, which shines with golden sunsets and historical grandeur
Tourists stroll through the Charminar hills of Hyderabad, enjoying street food and tourist amenities
Tourists love the Puri beaches of Odisha, which blend the sacred pilgrimage with the beauty of the beaches.
Election Commission's announcement to increase the number of electoral votes in the country
It has changed the decision of the court that in the case of black hair it is advisable to improve the delicate parts
Chief Ministers announcement promises working routes for upcoming elections
Chief Ministers emergency relief teams begin to assist long - delayed farmers
Plans are underway to join the elections next year
New government police force to attract foreign tourists
Members of the board of directors of digital media company thawain to counter the spread of fake news
Myntri pla through changes in the course of the pla pla pla brought to keep the course open while the course is open
Tnad elekshon election registration applications begin to show youth participation
Supreme Court ruling on misuse of Election Commission money
The debate will place women in the Lok Sabha among the various committees
Government's bilateral agreements aimed at strengthening trade ties with developing countries
Prime Minister's development projects announced for infrastructure upgrading
State Police report on enforcement of non - smoking ban
Install emergency electricity switchgear to operate the electricity in case of emergency
Prime Minister of India giving speeches at World Summit
Irritating allegations of miscarriage of justice at the top stop judging the fairness of the case according to the ruling party
Reduction of excise duty by 100 crore to reduce the tax burden of middle class
Lok Sabha members quitting due to dissatisfaction over price hike
Government  green energy  initiatives aim to increase carbon emissions across the country
Chief Minister Jylla Water Supply Board announces District Improvement Plan
Opposition Leader's office responds to demands during ongoing farmers' strike across the country
Black - headed court cases tend to involve controversial police cases
Election Commission re - voting rules on constituencies showing differences in voter turnout
Chief Minister visits various provinces and holds talks with various stakeholders
Bill amendment bill in Lok Sabha for adoption of revised curriculum
Government's investment in digital infrastructure puts a strong emphasis on increasing access to technology across the country
Police take over area against signals as injustice to farmers rights
Central Election Commission revises Voter Registration form to check validity of Voter Registration Application
Prime Minister Jylla Health Board plans to improve availability of health facilities in rural areas
A thorough examination of the Election Commissions annual reports leads to a review of the relevant electoral procedures
Chief Minister holds Conference on Sustainable Development with visiting World Leaders
A system of giving does not give jam the governments budget increases to cover the deficit
The tea potter is preparing the tea mangue for the tea pot and tea cup
Lok Sabha digital mode of governance provides for balanced public service
Crime bniah to the police officers of the police department who are in charge of setting up checkpoints on the street
Police casualties of the riot occurred at a time when there were thousands of cases of money laundering
Test of Election Commission Voting Machines to Improve Confidence in Election Process
Government's affordable housing projects launched for the welfare of rural residents
The Chief Minister is reviewing the National Highways to ensure the implementation of the project in due course
Water supply projects of Myntri Rangbah ka Jylla aim to increase farmers' incomes in irrigation
Police agenda across the country is under threat due to long term lockdown
Police officers from the Criminal Investigation Directorate are also on duty to check the situation at the police station
Talks in Lok Sabha on Road Construction to Increase Industrial Production
Government education programmes begin to address youth unemployment
Examinations of electrolytic waste prepared for electrolytic separation
Chief Minister Police Fire Brigade can be revived talks to boost confidence in underground mines
Jylla Chief Minister's grant is running out for reconstruction of damaged sea ports
Opposition parties emphasise the importance of fuel by calling for government - funded transportation plans
Court of Appeals  corner stones  headed  projects 
Implementation of mang tyngka iada ri by the Lok Sabha to approve the bill to protect the country
Government's poverty reduction programmes aim to increase the number of underprivileged communities
Violations of Election Commission Rules Improve Fair Election Process
Chief Minister moderates inter - sectoral discussions for a balanced regional cooperation
Chief Minister Jylla launches plans to decommission railway stations
Requests for amendment of Public Health Code during lockdown
The elections of the lower house of the parliament are taking place in the light of the elections
Contact Lok Sabha internet hotlines to invite online session
Government Smart Projects Fund for Improving Agriculture Sector
Registration of Plant Names International Election Commission Special Committee for Protection of Plants
Modification of the Chief Ministers office to attract foreign investors in trade
Chief Minister approves clean drinking water projects for poor households to get water
Corporate tax exemption means that it gives a benefit to very large companies
 Open Court Doors   To Be Mainly Back Stairs   Special Courts   To Avoid Unnecessary Activity 
They have encouraged women in the Lok Sabha agree to increase the number of seats between men and women
Government Cyber Security Police Strengthened to Protect Citizen Data from Attacks
Election announcement to come to vote to encourage maximum participation
The Chief Ministers public transportation reforms facilitate the improvement of road traffic
Rehabilitation projects at Myntri Rangba ka Jylla's premises are underway to promote international cooperation
The increase in GST rate is mainly due to the increase in excise duty on basic goods
Appeals to Supreme Court Security Police for Exclusion of Excluded Communities
Talks in Lok Sabha on Telephone Patrol to impose restrictions on use of 5G
Government forest clearing vessels are being deployed to enhance the biodiversity of the island
Changes to electrolytic working conditions are taken into account during electrolysis to the next batch
Prime Ministers anti - smoking measures outlined at Cabinet meeting
The Chief Minister is improving the infrastructure he has announced for the park
Questions of irregularities of the police force during the formation of the Central Police Force
High Court Orders to Improve Public Order to Improve Liability
Lok Sabha Development Projects aim to improve access to urban areas
Governments overseas development programmes seek to increase capacity to invest in infrastructure in the country
Election Commission's youth awareness workshops lead to training of first time voters
The Prime Ministers Health Insurance Scheme is expanding to include a wider range of benefits
Senior Minister's School Plans Advertise for Quality Education
The error of the course is to try to balance the value of the coin among the value of the goods
Cases involving elections to the Central Legislative Assembly are high on the agenda for the next legislative session
Allocation of Lok Sabha budget for preparation of special elections
State Police to conduct overseas raids freezing of farmers work ladders
More sophisticated electrolytic pipe fittings provide protection against electrolytic corrosion
The Prime Minister has signed several agreements with the Ministry of Space to implement the Global Positioning System
Digital advertisements of Chief Minister s office in shopping malls and commercial centers
Changes in the governing body of the college affect the quality of education
High Court Judicial Procedures for Improving Litigation
Discussions on amendments to the Rules of Procedure of the Lower House of the Lok Sabha for amendment of Rules of Procedure
The project budget enabled the state governments department to maintain the railway infrastructure here
Voting procedures by Election Commission tests for facilitating remote voting
Distribute copies to the Prime Ministers daughters for circulation of the entire book
 The cost of the little works of the master craftsman  illustrated for printing the entire book in thain
Increase in the rate of taxation per unit as a percentage of the total book value
Crimes undermine basic rights of the judiciary which mainly focuses on the protection of citizens
Lok Sabha high technology committees urged to come together against climate change impacts
Implementation of Election Commission's new guidelines to improve financial allocation of Election Commission
Changes in electroluminescence of the black hole contribute to improvement in electroluminescence
Chief Ministers announcement promises routes for upcoming elections
Chief Ministers Jylla relief teams begin to reach out to underprivileged communities
Opposition parties agree to hold elections jointly
The new police force of the government is coming to attract foreign tourists
Members of the board of directors of the Thai Broadcasting Corporation to combat the spread of misinformation
Myntri pla through changes in the course of the pla pla pla brought to consolidate it all the country book
Tnad elekshon voter registration applications begin to be extended for youth
Supreme Court ruling on misuse of Election Commission money
The debate will place women's representation in the Lok Sabha among the top priorities
Government's bilateral agreements aim to strengthen cooperation between the countries
Prime Minister's development projects announced for upgradation of roads
State Police report on the continuation of lockdown without incident
Install emergency electrical switchgear for electricians
The Chief Minister of the state is attending an international conference
The shocking allegations of the black - headed judiciary silence the issue of justice
Minter pla pla plain tax exemption by way of price adjustment
Lok Sabha members suspended due to corruption scandal
Government's green energy plans aim to reduce carbon emissions
Announce the Chief Ministers Water Supply Scheme for the affected districts
Opposition party's AIN covers demands amid nationwide protest by farmers
Black - headed court cases involve corrupt police officers
Election cycle repeat voting rules in constituencies with absentee voting
Chief Minister ki buitroi pynkhlaiñ ïa ka jingpynkhlaiñ bad ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong ka jingpynkhlaiñ
Bill amendment bill in Lok Sabha to update syllabus
Government's investment in digital infrastructure puts a heavy emphasis on increasing access to technology
Police take over area against signals as unfair to farmers
The Central Election Commission has revised the Election Commission to ensure fairness
Chief Minister Jylla Health Board plans to improve health facilities
Examination of the Election Commission's quarterly reports leads to confirmation of the agreement
Prime Minister holds climate talks with world leaders
A system of giving does not give jam the governments budget increases to cover the deficit
The tea potter is preparing the tea mangue for the tea pot and tea cup
Lok Sabha digital mode of governance provides for balanced administration
Trial bniah to the police officers of the district who are in charge of setting the standards
Opposition party's own police officers appeared during the cash talk
Test of voting machines of tnad elekshon to show confidence
Government affordable housing projects launched for rural residents
The Chief Minister examines the pipelines to check the feasibility of the project
Water supply projects of Myntri Rangbah ka Jylla aim to increase water supply
Police agenda across the country is on a collision course due to traffic jam
Police officers from the Criminal Investigation Directorate are also on duty to check the situation
Speeches in Lok Sabha on Road Construction for Industrialization
Government health promotion programmes are beginning to expand  no problem no jam
Examination of the cost of electrolytic cleaning for cleanliness
Chief Minister Police Fire Brigade may resume talks to restore confidence
Jylla Chief Minister's grant mangla for sea turtles
Opposition parties emphasise the need for fuel to keep the government in check
Corner columns of the black headed board for projects
Extension of the Lok Sabha constituency to enhance stability
The Government's rural development programmes aim to boost rural development
Violations of Election Commission Rules Improve Integrity Check
Chief Minister facilitates water exchanges between districts for collection of sewage
Chief Minister Jylla launches plans to decongest railways
Opposition party changes public policy on emergency calls
The electoral boundaries of the lower house of the parliament run between the constituencies
Contact Lok Sabha internet link to download free speech
Government mangla smart road projects fund for par ka roi
Keeping a close eye on the international plant names of tnad elekshon to protect against illegal cultivation
Changing the Prime Ministers office makes it difficult to recruit candidates
Chief Minister approves clean drinking water projects for families
The corporate tax rate is a sign of profitability of the business
Lower court doors to be basically back stairs information booths to open to single entries
Women empowerment bills in Lok Sabha agreed to increase average
Government Cyber Security Police Strengthen Data Protection
Announcement to the voters of tnad elekshon to encourage participation
The Prime Ministers public transportation schemes are adding to the confusion.
Rehabilitation projects at Myntri Rangbah Jylla are underway for World Service
The increase in GST rate is mainly due to the increase in excise duty
Impeachment of Black - Headed Police Officers for corruption
Lok Sabha Police telephone calls to impose restrictions on advertisement
Government forestry boards are being set up for the protection of the rainforest
Change of electrolyte content during electrolysis
Prime Ministers corruption scandal exposed in the state assembly
Chief Minister jylla improves infrastructure announces for road project
State Police emergency questions during lockdown
High Court Orders to Improve Public Order to Improve Liability
Lok Sabha Interconnection Projects to Improve Access
The outward movement of the ladders indicates a change in the direction of the iathied stream.
Election Commission's youth awareness workshops to educate voters
Implementation of Prime Ministers healthcare bill increasingly requires consideration of beneficiaries
Senior Minister's School Plans Announced for Improvement of School Education
The error of the course is to try to balance the weight of the basket among the weight of the materials
Cases of elections to the Central Election Commission are urgently postponed for further review
Allocation of Lok Sabha budget for preparation of special elections
The State Police for importation of rapes permits the importation of all the books of the farmers
More sophisticated electrolytic pipe fittings provide protection against corrosion
The Chief Minister has scattered flags across the sky to mark the occasion
Senior Minister's Digital Advertisements Displayed in Public Places
Changes in the governing body of the college affect the quality of education
High Court Judicial Procedures for Improving Integrity
Talks on amendments to the Lok Sabha Rules of Procedure for revision of Rules of Procedure
The project budget will enable the Central Government's department to safeguard illegal drugs
Voting procedure by Election Commission tests remote voting system
Distribute uniforms to Prime Ministers working wives for promotion
Minister Rangath's small business loans amounting to  100 lakh rupees  in thain
Increase or decrease of customs duty as a percentage of duty
Misdemeanors violate substantive due process rights which are generally considered to be in the interest of the defendant
Lok Sabha's advanced technology proposals aim to tackle climate change
Advertise elections week for elections candidates to come all over the country
Supreme Court order to investigate allegations of voting irregularities
Chief Minister launches new projects to boost rural development
Chief Minister launches support schemes aimed at encouraging entrepreneurs
Opposition parties form coalition to contest elections
The government sends police to stop illegal immigrants from entering the country
Chamber of Commerce discusses new law to speed up digital transfer of information
The Minister pla tyngka a mang tyngka suggested sitting comfortably and reading the whole book
Election Commission launches Voter Registration Scheme targeting young voters
The black - headed committee deals with issues related to the recent changes in the housing stock
Lok Sabha approves bill granting place to women in industrial enterprises
Government negotiates agreements to strengthen ties with neighbouring countries
Advertise to the Chief Minister the various projects for renovation of commercial premises throughout the state
Opposition parties pointed to the governments decision to allow free movement of goods during the lockdown period
Electrician uses safety devices to make electricity in case of emergency
The Chief Minister emphasised the importance of trade with all countries at the international level
Supreme Court decides cases related to online chat rooms
Myntri pla tyngka tyngka to change the proposed tax to benefit middle class households
Lok Sabha adjourned after heated debate on price of wheat
Government discusses emergency power plans to counter climate change impact
Chief Minister ka jylla u mang pisa ïa ka jingpynbna bad ka jingpynbna bad ka jingpynbna bad ka jingpynbna, bad ka jingpynbna, bad ka jingpynbna, bad ka jingpynbna, bad ka jingpynbna, bad ka jingpynbna, bad ka jingpynbna, bad ka jingpynbna, bad ka jingpynbna, bad ka jingpynbna, bad ka jingpynbna, bad ka jingpynbna, bad ka jingpynbna, bad ka jingpynbna, bad ka jingpynbna, bad ka jingpynbna, bad ka jingpynbna, bad ka jingpynbna, bad ka jingpynbna, bad ka jingpynbna, bad ka jingpynbna, bad ka jingpynbna, bad ka jingpynbna
Opposition parties demanded the cancellation of the newspapers distributed during the nation - wide protests
Black - headed Police Department handles public interest cases involving recent police cases
Law tnad elekshon to vote again on constituencies showing voting irregularities
Chief Minister addresses joint venture ventures with private sector leaders
Lok Sabha discusses bill to amend compulsory school curriculum to improve educational standards across the country
Government prioritizes investment in digital infrastructure to improve access to technology
Opponents accuse landlord police of being unfair to foreclosed tenants
Central Election Commission to update voter registration papers to ensure voter registration
Chief Minister jylla announces emergency measures to improve health facilities in district
Election Commission conducts audits of advertisements across the country for the purpose of selection of candidates
Chief Minister holds regular talks with overseas friends
The government is strengthening the ai kam ai jam scheme in the district to alleviate poverty peacefully
Myntri pla tyngka shynrang ïa ka mang tyngka ban pynïap ïa ka pule puthi bad ka koit ka khiah
Lok Sabha introduces digital governance to improve public administration
Black - headed Kashari punishes police officers for changing weather conditions causing traffic jams
Complaint reveals corrupt police tactics while discussing money laundering in Indian banks
Tnad elekshon test of voting machines to check confidence in elections
Government launches affordable housing projects for rural residents
Chief Minister reviews water supply projects to check implementation in due course
Chief Minister approves water treatment projects to reduce farmers water scarcity
Opposition parties are hampering the national police agenda due to unemployment
Black - headed Kashari advises the police to place minimum security check points within the police station.
Lok Sabha discusses bill to widen roads to boost employment
Government launches programmes to reduce youth unemployment
Electrolyzer improves the efficiency of electricity generation for electric lighting
Chief Minister calls for renewable fire power to increase confidence in underground mines
Chief Minister jylla allocates financial assistance for wind project for reconstruction of coastal areas
Opposition parties are pushing for the price of petrol to be increased, suggesting that the government will pay a higher price.
Black - headed Kashari is responsible for the maintenance of the coral reef for irrigation projects
The Lok Sabha appoints a committee under the Ministry of Defence to examine the issue of defence of the country
Government strengthens need - based schemes to cover over - deprived communities
Election Commission imposes penalties on model candidates to ensure fairness
The Chief Minister shall settle water disputes between the districts for the purpose of connecting the adjoining reservoirs
Chief Minister Jylla launches schemes to help the villagers to develop muluk underground railways
Opposition demands change of social norms amongst party members
Black - headed judiciary establishes elective boundaries between ethics committees
Address the Lok Sabha plenary on internet downloads to link online speeches
Government allocates money for smart city projects involving public sector
The elections committee is examining the requirements of plant nomenclature in order to protect the country from floods
The Chief Minister is working to develop the industry to attract foreign investors in the manufacturing sector
Chief Minister proposes clean drinking water projects for rural households
The opposite side refers to the corporate tax rate which gives an advantage to very large companies
 The black - headed rule  prescribing blind spots to be at least three steps back  suggests a defense against single - handedness
Lok Sabha approves bill to empower women candidates with gender equality
Government strengthens cyber security police to protect citizens information from threats
Tnad elekshon initiates voter registration by encouraging maximum participation
Chief Minister announces plans to upgrade public transport vehicles for traffic congestion management
Prime Minister launches multi - sector development projects to promote international cooperation
Opposition side opposes the value of GST, saying it is a burden on small businesses
Black - headed Police Department responsible for emergency evacuation of vulnerable population
Lok Sabha discusses Telecommunication Police imposing restrictions on 5G deployment
The government is introducing forest clearing measures to improve the integrity of the forest
Election board takes account of the changes that are taking place during elections to the state assembly
The Chief Minister showed the steps of smoking cessation at the state level
Chief Minister jylla announces the opening of railway stations for passenger traffic
Opposition questioned the negligence of the state police in making the team under the joint task force
Black - headed Kashari prescribes methods of improving public health in order to reduce the burden
Lok Sabha approves various projects for improvement of rural sanitation
The government is asking the schools to impose overseas movement to curb the number of births in the country
Election Commission conducts youth awareness workshops to educate first time voters
The Chief Minister extended the availability of milk powder to include other benefits
 Advertise publicly the plans for the construction of schools for field study
The opposite side indicates the inability to adjust the price range between the interest rate and the retail price
The Central Board of Secondary Education has given high priority to elective examinations for the next cycle examination
Lok Sabha allocates money for emergency cases to prepare for emergency cases
Government permits police to rush abroad to collect all the farmers' book
Electrician's wheel brings better safety features to protect against electrocution
 The Chief Priest burned incense in connection with the creation of the heavens to bring about the end of the world
Chief Minister Jylla launches digital ads in shopping malls and commercial centers
Opposition side opposes changes in power grid due to climate change and labour shortage
Black - headed Kashari addressing institutional measures to improve cleanliness
Lok Sabha discusses amendments to the Rules of Procedure of the Upper House
Government allocates money for projects  stop the train  to protect illegal drugs
Tnad elekshon test of voting methods for remote voting and availability
The Prime Minister has laid down guidelines for the promotion of women entrepreneurs not included in the book
The clergyman shows the money for small projects to distribute the entire book in thain
The opposite side indicates the tendency to change the rate because the tendency is the same
Black Head Division deals with cases of violation of basic rights in order to protect the citizens
Lok Sabha approves High Technology Plans to Fight Climate Change.
Court of new ministers in nav satyagrah baithak Congress president mallikarjun kharge
Bihar State Chief Minister Nitish Kumar Pragati Yatra cancelled following Manmohan Singhs resignation
Dropping former Chief Minister Manmohan Singh at 92nd
Congress to focus on tree plantation by 2025, says Mallikarjun Kharge
Rachna Shah appointed as DoPT Secretary, 3rd Secretary last year
Congress calls for an end to tax evasion, seeks help for poor and needy
BJP to accept Rs 2,244 crore as annual allocation in 2023 - 24 and Congress Rs 289 crore
Mayawati accuses Congress of disrespecting Ambedkar, and criticizes the capitalist mode of business
Re - appointment of Uddhav Thackeray as Shiv Sena ( UBT ) Chairman in Mumbai after BMC vote.
Sandeep dikshit ula ujor in Delhi LG on AAPs Mahila Samman scheme.
The Election Commission has reported that 86% of the votes were wasted in the recent Lok Sabha elections.
Railways will get at least 63% of votes in the 2024 Lok Sabha elections.
RJD expresses willingness to re - unite with JD(U ) if the BJP - agreement is terminated.
Mallikarjun Kharge threatened to step down and denounce the allegation that the BJP is promoting fake news.
The BJP denies that the Congress has no respect for Ambedkar, questioning the authorities.
Re - appointment of Uddhav Thackeray as Shiv Sena ( UBT ) Chairman in Mumbai after BMC vote.
Sandeep dikshit ujor at Delhi LG on AAPs Mahila Samman scheme.
The Election Commission has reported that 86% of the votes were wasted in the recent Lok Sabha elections.
Railways will get at least 63% of votes in the 2024 Lok Sabha elections.
RJD expresses willingness to re - unite with JD(U ) if the BJP - agreement is terminated.
Mallikarjun Kharge threatened to step down and denounce the allegation that the BJP is promoting fake news.
The BJP denies that the Congress has no respect for Ambedkar, questioning the authorities.
Re - appointment of Uddhav Thackeray as Shiv Sena ( UBT ) Chairman in Mumbai after BMC vote.
Sandeep dikshit ujor at Delhi LG on AAPs Mahila Samman scheme.
The Election Commission reports that 86% of the votes were lost in the recent Lok Sabha elections.
Railways will get at least 63% of votes in the 2024 Lok Sabha elections.
RJD expresses willingness to re - unite with JD(U ) if the BJP - agreement is terminated.
Mallikarjun Kharge threatened to step down and denounce the allegation that the BJP is promoting fake news.
The BJP denies that the Congress has no respect for Ambedkar, questioning the authorities.
Re - appointment of Uddhav Thackeray as Shiv Sena ( UBT ) Chairman in Mumbai after BMC vote.
Sandeep dikshit ujor at Delhi LG on AAPs Mahila Samman scheme.
The Election Commission reports that 86% of the votes were lost in the recent Lok Sabha elections.
Railways will get at least 63% of votes in the 2024 Lok Sabha elections.
RJD expresses willingness to re - unite with JD(U ) if the BJP - agreement is terminated.
Mallikarjun Kharge threatened to step down and denounce the allegation that the BJP is promoting fake news.
The BJP denies that the Congress has no respect for Ambedkar, questioning the authorities.
Re - appointment of Uddhav Thackeray as Shiv Sena ( UBT ) Chairman in Mumbai after BMC vote.
Sandeep dikshit ujor at Delhi LG on AAPs Mahila Samman scheme.
The Election Commission reports that 86% of the votes were lost in the recent Lok Sabha elections.
Railways will get at least 63% of votes in the 2024 Lok Sabha elections.
RJD expresses willingness to re - unite with JD(U ) if the BJP - agreement is terminated.
Mallikarjun Kharge threatened to step down and denounce the allegation that the BJP is promoting fake news.
The BJP denies that the Congress has no respect for Ambedkar, questioning the authorities.
Re - appointment of Uddhav Thackeray as Shiv Sena ( UBT ) Chairman in Mumbai after BMC vote.
Ujor Sandeep Dikshit at Delhi LG on AAPs Mahila Samman scheme.
The Election Commission reports that 86% of the votes were lost in the recent Lok Sabha elections.
Railways will get at least 63% of votes in the 2024 Lok Sabha elections.
RJD expresses willingness to re - unite with JD(U ) if the BJP - agreement is terminated.
Mallikarjun Kharge threatened to step down and denounce the allegation that the BJP is promoting fake news.
The BJP denies that the Congress has no respect for Ambedkar, questioning the authorities.
Re - appointment of Uddhav Thackeray as Shiv Sena ( UBT ) Chairman in Mumbai after BMC vote.
Ujor Sandeep Dikshit at Delhi LG on AAPs Mahila Samman scheme.
The Election Commission reports that 86% of the votes were lost in the recent Lok Sabha elections.
Railways will get at least 63% of votes in the 2024 Lok Sabha elections.
RJD expresses willingness to re - unite with JD(U ) if the BJP - agreement is terminated.
Mallikarjun Kharge threatened to step down and denounce the allegation that the BJP is promoting fake news.
The BJP denies that the Congress has no respect for Ambedkar, questioning the authorities.
He asked Uddhav Thackeray Shiv Sena ( UBT ) leaders to make a budget for BMC elections.
High Court calls for speedy settlement of charges on Election Commission
Advise Delhi Govt to provide subsidy for electric vehicles to extend coverage.
The Minister pla tyngka spoke to the newly constituted tax police to encourage foreign traders.
The Chief Minister of Rajasthan brought the chickens for giving kam ai jam and to help the youth.
For example BJP and NGOs are protesting for not addressing the issue of land use.
Opposition leaders have demanded an investigation into misuse of public funds.
The Chief Minister is addressing special and important functions from various departments.
The election commission takes over the polling stations.
The Government is initiating schemes for improvement of railway safety ladders at all levels.
For example, Bihar CM Nitish Kumar said that the BJP is advocating permanent rule.
The  head - to - tail judgment  stifles the appeal in connection with immorality and freedom of speech.
The Government of Telangana is engaging the Police to impart free education to the underprivileged communities.
Opposition parties are contesting the price of petrol amid price hike.
The Supreme Court is seeking a reply from the Government on the petition filed by the farmers.
PM Modi emphasised the self - confidence in entrepreneurship while addressing a press conference on the occasion.
Myntri pla tyng tyng ïa ka jingpynbna jong ki briew jong u, bad ka jingpynbna jong u, bad ka jingpynbna jong u, bad ka jingpynbna jong u, bad ka jingpynbna jong u, bad ka jingpynbna jong u, bad ka jingpynbna jong u, bad ka jingpynbna jong u, bad ka jingpynbna jong u, bad ka jingpynbna jong u, bad ka jingpynbna jong u, bad ka jingpynbna jong u, bad ka jingpynbna jong u, bad ka jingpynbna jong u, bad ka jingpynbna jong u, bad ka jingpynbna jong u, bad ka jingpynbna jong u, bad ka jingpynbna jong u, bad ka jingpynbna jong u, bad ka jingpynbna jong u, bad ka jingpynbna jong u, bad ka jingpynbna jong u, bad ka jingpynbna jong u.
The Chief Minister of Maharashtra discussed the development plans with senior officers.
The Election Commission ensures follow up of elections before voting.
The Delhi Government has pledged to increase support to the underprivileged sections of society.
An Act of the Supreme Court to take action against unfair practices in the field of money laundering in electronic transactions.
The Government of Karnataka is introducing schemes to promote handicrafts and handloom farming.
Opposition parties urged to take special action on the issue of no work no pay.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi announced the opening of new industrial parks in developing countries.
The Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh holds meetings to discuss the issue of sugar cane.
It seems that the BJP is disrupting public administration during elections.
The black - headed judgement deals with the issue of land acquisition for development projects.
Government creates new police force to attract more customers in renewable energy.
Rajasthan Govt has released special promotions for unemployed youth.
The opposing side calls for repealing the recent changes to the Bible text in the intertestamental period.
The Chief Minister emphasised the importance of digital tools for the overall book distribution.
Call on the BJP to ensure better representation of the farmers in the new amendments to the state budget.
The government intends to reduce carbon emissions by adopting electric vehicles.
Opposition parties have lodged a complaint against the misappropriation of public funds.
The Supreme Court has ruled on a dispute involving new rules on the operation of railways.
The Chief Minister of Karnataka has announced new budget proposals for distribution of the book in developing countries.
The Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh has brought water purifiers for flood affected areas.
Criminal prosecutors are demanding a penalty in exchange for money laundering.
The government has introduced new rules to improve road construction and maintenance in India.
The Election Commission has revealed that the voter turnout was very high in the recent general elections.
The Delhi Government has stepped up efforts to combat air pollution during the monsoon months.
Opposition parties have criticised the government for not doing anything about the situation of farmers.
The Supreme Court dismissed the petition on religious freedom and government assistance.
