Announce actor Shah Rukh khan for his new film with director Rajkumar hirani.
Priyanka Chopra shared a picture of herself having sex with a girl on Instagram.
It may be claimed that Amitabh Bachchan has tested positive for COVID - 19, he is being treated in Hospital.
Deepika Padukone introduces coit ka khiah basis answer to stress mental health issue.
Salman Khans latest movie has crossed ₹200 crore at the box office.
Kangana Ranaut signed Bollywood career for acting in an upcoming talk show.
Alia Bhatt won the Best Actress award for her role in the film Raazi.
Ranveer Singh and Deepika Padukone, raking their wedding cake in Italy.
Akshay kumar donated ₹ 25 klur to the PM CARES fund for COVID - 19 relief.
Kareena Kapoor Khan has announced the birth of her second child with her boyfriend Saif Ali Khan.
Hrithik Roshan's shad video went viral on social media.
Anushka Sharma and Virat Kohli welcome baby girl, share happy news.
Aamir Khans film Laal Singh Chaddha has been postponed due to concerns over the pandemic.
Taapsee Pannu hosts a practice between the gate to give breath to the devotees.
Ajay Devgns Tanhaji declared non - taxable in many states of India.
Sonu Sood is helping the pioneers to reach the temple during the nation - wide lockdown.
Vidya Balans biopic Shakuntala Devi has premiered on Amazon Prime streaming platform.
Shahid Kapoor, has started shooting for an upcoming romantic drama called Jersey remake.
Sara Ali Khan shares nude pictures with Ibrahim's brother.
Tiger Shroff has released a new song featuring his singer sap and sap shad.
Announce Anil Kapoors 64th Birthday Celebration Health Tips.
 Parineeti Chopras transformative images inspire devotees to pursue a healthy lifestyle. 
Rajinikanth announces the opening of the centre tomorrow, he plans to join the elections soon.
Disha Patani is collecting background pictures of the movie Radhe.
Nawazuddin Siddiquis performance in the film Serious Men received high praise from critics.
Kriti Sanon tested negative for COVID - 19 after recovering from mild symptoms.
Saif Ali Khans Tandav web series encounters legal hurdles on controversial content.
Jacqueline Fernandez joined Attack football team alongside John Abraham.
Arjun Kapoor and Malaika Arora share their relationship on Instagram via post.
Bhumi Pednekar is campaigning for the demolition of the bridge through social media campaigns.
Sushants family erects a foundation in his memory to welcome young people with disabilities.
First super single of Radhika Apte has received rave reviews across the country.
Emraan Hashmi shared the first image from the upcoming horror movie Ezra which is being remade.
Yami Gautam is collaborating with NGOs to provide education to underprivileged children.
Farhan Akhtar is always looking good for his part in sports team Toofan.
Kalki Koechlin writes a humble essay on motherhood, based on the childs personality.
Vicky Kaushals film  Bhoot Part One  received overwhelming response from critics and viewers alike.
Sunny Leone has launched her own fashion brand, with the aim of empowering women.
Varun Dhawan was born with his longtime girlfriend Natasha Dalal in a cooler and cooler climate.
The trailer of Kangana Ranaut's biopic film 'Thalaivi' has garnered millions of views on the internet.
Sidharth Malhotra has started screenwriting for thriller film Mission Majnu in Lucknow.
Shraddha Kapoor applied for Animal Aid jobs and adopted a foster child from Animal Shelter.
Abhishek Bachchan's web series 'Breathe : Into the Shadows' has received rave reviews from the viewers and critics alike.
Kareena Kapoor revealed the details of underage pregnancy in her podcast series.
Ranbir Kapoor has tested positive for COVID - 19 and is currently self - quarantining.
Sonakshi Sinha launched an initiative called  Keep in mind to spread awareness about mental health. 
Varun Dhawan was born with his longtime girlfriend Natasha Dalal in a cooler and cooler climate.
Madhuri Dixit shared this video yesterday with her boyfriend on their wedding anniversary.
Ayushmann Khurrana's film 'Article 15 won the Best Film award at Filmfare.
Katrina Kaif has teamed up with a beauty company to launch her own branded makeup line.
Praise from the audience has soared over Bobby Deols performance in the series Aashram.
Hrithik Roshan has announced the next installment of the blockbuster film 'War' alongside Tiger Shroff.
Nora Fatehi's music video of the popular song has garnered millions of views on the internet.
Shilpa Shetty introduces the practice of  giving pleasure to waking up regularly through relaxation  in a brand new yoga class for the fans.
Aishwarya Rai Bachchan shares details of the familys weekend trip to the park.
Rajkummar Raos Roohi emerged as a box office hit after the disaster.
Irrfan Khans son Babil announced his first ever football project on social media platform.
Janhvi Kapoor's performance in Gunjan Saxena received rave reviews from Bollywood critics.
Pooja Hegde celebrates her birthday by sharing a heartfelt message and chatting with fans online.
Arijit Singhs memorable song was instantly noticed and loved by music lovers across the globe.
Karan Johar announced the launch of 'Coffee with Karan' by enthusiastic reviewers in a new paper.
Dilip Kumars liver condition has improved after being hospitalized for some time, said a spokesperson of the hospital.
Rani Mukerji talks about her life as an entrepreneur in an interactive talk.
Saif Ali Khan confirms to re - star for the title role in the upcoming Bunty Aur Babli sequel.
Kriti Sanon has started preparing for an important role in mythological drama Adipurush.
Sanjay Dutt has successfully completed his chemotherapy and expresses his happiness and gratitude to the fans who have given their best wishes.
Aditya Roy Kapur will be seen playing the lead in phaidien thriller based on the international bestselling novel.
Kajol is combining old images from her traditional floral sets with fans.
Raveena Tandon joins Netflix series, to showcase her passion in digital entertainment.
Anupam Khers comic book reached the bestseller list within weeks of its release.
Esha Deol shares about her comeback project through singles channel talking about her singles status.
Imtiaz Ali is teaming up with AR Rahman for an upcoming musical romantic drama.
Armaan Malik wins the international category for his debut English language single.
The trailer of second season of Manoj Bajpayee in The Family Man is generating huge buzz.
Juhi Chawla takes a stand against corruption by planting trees in Mumbai suburbs.
Ali Fazal discusses Hollywood collaboration with a talented actor in the upcoming movie.
Lata Mangeshkars birthday was celebrated by fans through instant messages on social media.
Neha Kakkar and Rohanpreet Singh celebrated their wedding anniversary with much fanfare.
Rohit Shetty has hinted at yet another major flaw in his highly successful franchise.
Hema Malini turns to reflect on her long working life at a press conference to mark Indian Independence Day.
Sobhita Dhulipala's performance in the anthology series was highly appreciated by the audience.
Rashmika Mandanna shot a Bollywood project with leading actors, and participated in its success.
 Made in Heaven season two of Zoya Akhtar will be premiered today Nohprah.
Sunny Deol played alongside Dharmendra once again in a heartwarming match which looked at the differences between the teams.
Ananya Panday has decided to broadcast the programme talks online from her newly launched website.
Pankaj Tripathi's stint in 'Ludo' brought him huge success as a supporting actor.
Dia Mirza announced her retirement with a heartfelt message to the fans through a post on Instagram.
Radhika Madan participated to give information about her training for a demanding career in the field of acting.
Tabu has once again teamed up with Vishal Bhardwaj for the next edition of Classic of Memory.
Vaani Kapoors transformation into a fitness enthusiast is inspiring her followers on social media.
Suriyas film Soorarai Pottru has been selected as Indias official entry to the Oscars this year.
Hansika Motwani celebrates her birthday with a party organised by her close friends.
The teaser of web series Samantha Ruth Prabhu has crossed to record - breaking views in just hours.
Karthik Aryan has once again started shooting for rom - com Shehzada amidst the backdrop of violence.
Mouni Roys bridal photoshoot has garnered attention due to its innovative and competitive interior design styles.
Aditi Rao Hydaris pioneering contribution to the field of history has been lauded for its honesty and clarity.
Richa Chadha and Ali Fazal shared details of their marriage in a phone call and text message.
Tahir Raj Bhasin is associated with a biopic project which sheds light on the life of the legendary actor.
Fatima Sana Shaikh informed about the project which discusses the issue of sleep deprivation in line with environmental recommendations.
Bhagyashree returns to the stage with a role in a period drama directed by Ashutosh Gowariker.
Actor Shah Rukh Khan reveals his new relationship with director Rajkumar Hirani.
Priyanka Chopra shares her beautiful image with her daughter on Instagram.
Amitabh Bachchan has tested positive for COVID - 19 and has been rushed to hospital.
Deepika Padukone has started a mental health foundation to promote good mental health.
Salman Khans latest movie has crossed ₹200 klur at the box office.
Kangana Ranaut took Bollywood to task over nepotism in her recent speech.
Alia Bhatt won the Best Actress award for her role in Raazi.
Ranveer Singh and Deepika Padukone celebrated their wedding anniversary in Italy.
Akshay Kumar donated ₹ 25 klur to the PM CARES Fund for COVID - 19 relief.
Kareena Kapoor Khan has announced her second engagement with her boyfriend Saif Ali Khan.
Hrithik Roshans dance and music video has gone viral on social media platforms.
Anushka Sharma and Virat Kohli welcomed their baby girl and shared the happy news.
The release of Aamir Khans Laal Singh Chaddha was postponed due to health concerns.
Taapsee Pannu shares her workout routine amid lockdown to cheer on fans.
Ajay Devgns film Tanhaji has garnered positive reviews in many Indian markets.
Sonu Sood helps migrant workers to go home during the nationwide lockdown.
Vidya Balan's biopic Shakuntala Devi has been launched on Amazon Prime streaming platform.
Shahid Kapoor has started shooting for his upcoming romantic drama 'Jersey' which is a remake.
Sara Ali Khan shared some old nude photos with her brother Ibrahim.
Tiger Shroff has released a new song which showcases his talent in dance and choreography.
Anil Kapoor shared details of his recovery on his 64th birthday.
Parineeti Chopras decision to have sex with a tiger has inspired her followers.
Rajinikanth has announced the formation of his party and plans to join in the upcoming elections.
Disha Patani shared pictures of background work in the film 'Radhe'.
Much praise has been received for Nawazuddin Siddiqui's heroic performance in the film 'Serious Men'.
Kriti Sanon tested negative for COVID - 19 after she tested positive for non - severe symptoms.
Saif Ali Khans Tandav web series encounters legal hurdles on controversial content.
Jacqueline Fernandez joined the cast alongside John Abraham in the action thriller movie Attack.
Arjun Kapoor and Malaika Arora have confirmed their relationship on Instagram through a post.
Bhumi Pednekar laid the foundation stone for bridge construction through social media.
Sushants family erects a foundation in his memory to welcome young people with disabilities.
First super single of Radhika Apte has received rave reviews across the country.
Emraan Hashmi shared the first look of the upcoming horror movie 'Ezra' remake.
Yami Gautam has also been working with NGOs to provide free education to underprivileged children through books.
Farhan Akhtar is highly trained for his role in the movie life - story 'Toofan'.
Kalki Koechlin has written an inspiring article on motherhood and also uploaded a picture of her daughter.
Vicky Kaushals film Bhoot Part One received mixed reviews from critics and audience alike.
Sunny Leone has launched her own fashion brand, with the aim of promoting beauty to women.
Riteish Deshmukh and Genelia DSouza celebrated their wedding anniversary with heartwarming posts.
Kangana Ranauts movie Thalaivi Biopic has garnered millions of online viewers.
Sidharth Malhotra, has started shooting a spy thriller film Mission Majnu in Lucknow.
Shraddha Kapoor decided to improve the quality of milk while taking care of animals, she took to borrowing dogs from local farms.
Abhishek Bachchans web series Breathe : Into the Shadows is getting good reviews.
Kareena Kapoor shares adventures on her journey while shooting her podcast.
Ranbir Kapoor also tested positive for COVID - 19, and presently, he is under observation and advised to stay in isolation.
Sonakshi Sinha showed the world what steps are needed to increase awareness of mental health issues.
Varun Dhawan has tied the knot with Natasha Dalal, his long time partner in the martial arts.
Madhuri Dixit shared this video with her husband on their birthday.
Ayushmann Khurranas film Article 15 won the Best Film award at Filmfare.
Katrina Kaif is teaming up with a beauty company to market a unique beauty product.
Rajkummar Raos new film has garnered positive reviews and praise from critics.
Huma Qureshi is acting in web series which talks about traditional values and beliefs in social life.
Rani Mukerji celebrates her 80th Birthday with a heartwarming message to her fans.
Karan Johar announced the upcoming pilot project, along with its key stakeholders.
Bobby Deol's web series is gaining popularity due to its funny and action packed content.
Tara Sutaria shared the details of her preparation for the upcoming romantic drama.
Ananya Pandays social media campaign aims to celebrate the positive power of bodily fluid as well as anal sex.
Aditya Roy Kapur has taken up nude photography in exotic locations around the world.
Nargis Fakhri has returned to Bollywood with a promising part in the upcoming film.
Imran Khan announced to the project that he will be making a comeback after a long hiatus from acting.
Juhi Chawla Tree Plantation Incentive comes up with the idea of designing a concrete dam across the river.
Manoj Bajpayee won the national film award for his performance in the critically acclaimed film.
Nushrat Bharuchas horror movie trailer is generating a lot of buzz among fans and critics alike.
Pankaj Tripathi launched a new web series exploring the roots of justice and redemption.
Kriti Kharbanda and Pulkit Samrat share funny pictures on instagram.
Rajinikanths Annaatthe teaser, broke the record of highest ratings, where it garnered millions of views, in just under 24 hours.
Chitrangda Singh is collaborating with NGOs to empower women through the printing of the caps they wear.
Kunal Kemmu collects erotic images of past times together with family which includes his wife and daughter.
Neha Dhupia and Angad Bedi have been raking holes in their wedding anniversary with heartwarming performances.
Soha Ali Khan has written a children's book inspired by her experience as a mother.
Arbaaz Khan announced his first film project in which he always sought to exploit the underlying causes of poverty and inequality.
Juhi Chawla returns to the main subjects in a compelling talk to wrap up her performance.
Raveena Tandon's web series receives rave reviews for its compelling storyline.
Shilpa Shetty shares a fitness routine that encourages athletes to adopt healthy lifestyle habits.
Arjun Rampals performance in the amazing game has garnered high praise from critics.
Dia Mirza asked for clarification on climate change through an urgent public consultation.
Zareen Khan is starring in a heartwarming drama that bridges the boundaries of family and forgiveness.
Abhay Deols freestyle wrestling debuted in the World Heavyweight Championship.
John Abraham gives an early glimpse of the marvelous developments yet to come.
Karthik Aryan's romantic comedy movie turned out to be the highest grossing movie of the year.
Dulquer Salmaan shares insights on crime control in South India and Bollywood.
Anupam Kher releases a memoir detailing his journey and profession.
Paresh Rawal has been conferred with the special Lifetime Achievement Award for his outstanding contribution to Indian Cinema.
Sunny Deol is teaming up with Karan's son for a family drama which is full of upcoming romance.
Tabus outstanding performance in the thriller genre is receiving praise from critics and fans alike.
The company performs Shakespeare plays in outdoor venues.
The singer broke the record by releasing a new album.
The actress expressed her gratitude to the fans after the selection of the actress.
Registered nurses advertise the first - born on newsstands.
The athlete won the prestigious swimming event in the world championship.
The singer hands the spiritual flute to the graduating student during the song.
The factory has recently produced a trailer for the upcoming winter season.
The seller gained popularity after a viral ad went online.
The band is releasing a new song before announcing the upcoming album.
Critics point to a cloud that has illuminated the narrow corners of the globe.
The actor is getting a part in a film adaptation of a beloved novel.
A swimmer is searching for the winning master race by means of an automatically won free swim.
The Broadway show is delayed due to high demand from the audience.
Public service broadcasting has earned the right of traditional sci - fi films.
The singers charity campaign raised millions for underprivileged children around the world.
The tamasa rakhe to the famous singers with decorations spread all over the stage.
A well - known cook has published a cookbook that contains easy - to - use recipes for customers.
The YouTube channel has recently launched its first adult videos.
The singer announced that he will take a break from live music after his world tour.
Two teams of actors and directors are collaborating for the preliminary shooting of the highly anticipated Road Test.
The formation of snow is temporarily delayed because the limits of the atmosphere are unknown.
The popular sitcom is making a comeback for a new series after a hiatus of several years.
The actor delivers a wonderful performance in the critically acclaimed drama.
The comedian advertised for the students to go abroad for the coming year.
Reality TV star has launched a fashion brand aimed at young aspiring singers.
A classical singer has won a lifetime achievement award at a prestigious event.
A swimming pool covers the right side of the swimming pool which is packed with stars.
The Bollywood actress is making a name for herself in the international beauty pageant.
The judges are looking for a compelling story in the latest drama film.
Members organised a fund raiser to raise awareness about cancer prevention and social welfare programmes.
The inspector is looking for roads that are parallel to the main road in case of emergency.
Pop music opens its own music shop during a tour of well - advertised albums.
The actor reunites with a famous actor for a thrilling coming of age story.
The accompanying music video explores new musical instruments and dance styles.
A fraudster blew up financial records with a fraud filled with dishonesty.
The comedy genre gained a following after its release in limited theatrical run.
The founder signed a deal for multi - genre music project with a private studio.
The Broadway star surprised the audience with a live stream on tamasa outside.
The subsequent storm intensified traffic congestion with a very high rainfall in the last week of the lockdown.
The analyst carefully examines the circumstances of the situation in this article that give rise to the opposing viewpoint.
The singer - songwriter is talking about false rumors in a meeting with the press for the upcoming album.
A merchant wins a concession in the country after being well - trained for months.
World superstar joins Marvel for hero.
The actors memory reveals the stories behind the simple events of the play.
A successful novelist turns the novel into an exciting courtroom drama.
Reality TV stars inspiring speeches sparked online discussions and debates.
The legendary Jazz singer showed his talent on stage during the summer season in a great hand dance.
The actress has developed a jain line which can effectively decrease the neck pain.
Hollywood actor reveals his voice actor for the latest movie in a bizarre twist.
Netflix has confirmed the 2nd rule for the most common types of human traffick.
The recorded weatherman accurately measured the state of the earths water on an astronomically precise scale.
The actor is attending a press conference to mark the 80th birthday of the famous actor.
The advertiser advertised the story which was accompanied by Bollywood movie heroes.
A young artist receives an invitation for a special exhibition at the world art museum.
A keen interest in music led to a commendation for a new song that stirred the spirit.
The streaming service revives old serials along with music videos.
The article highlights areas that are yet to be reported by the doctors in the emergency department.
Rock band reunited for a world tour to celebrate 50 years of music.
Advertisers are eyeing an actors return to television after a long - awaited hiatus.
A childrens writer advertises illustrations based on best - selling books.
The theatre company is experimenting with a contemporary adaptation of Shakespeares famous tragedy.
The Influencer is promoting the brand with new lifestyle brands for global consumers.
A conductor delivers a humble theme song to the audience during the march on earth.
The historical drama won the special jury award at the international level.
Experts call for cooperation to reduce corruption in the gambling industry.
The organizers of the tamasa assure the group that there are famous singers in the world.
A young actor has landed a role in Hollywoods newest blockbuster.
The Watch Tower publishes literature inspired by true historical examples.
A well - planned drama explores the themes of family, poverty, and salvation.
A columnist collaborated with local experts to put up signs on the street.
The actress asked about the mental health issue during her interview with the news papers.
The hip - hop artist came to limelight with the release of highly anticipated singles.
The international chorus draws singers from over 50 participating countries.
The comedy genre attracts critics with its witty jokes and memorable moments.
Analysts oppose the sudden announcement of the long - awaited virus.
The legendary Bollywood star celebrated his 25th birthday with his fans.
The opera company has sold such spectacular productions to great acclaim.
A simple example illustrates the changing trend of popular video games.
A player who is not free receives a ticket for the very first draw on Friday.
An actor delivers a rousing speech after defeating an unstoppable cancer of the liver.
The Director also announced plans for a new historical epic this year.
The singer was the head of the choir with a rousing performance last Sunday evening.
The band surprises the audience by releasing the song live without any advertisement online.
Sports betting has also revealed new exciting trends in sports played by professional athletes.
The actress is dancing in an international dance hall in a custom made jain.
The organization receives worldwide attention for challenging principles that have a profound impact on social justice.
Musicians organize benefit concerts to raise money for relief efforts in times of emergency.
The actor is taking on a pivotal role in the upcoming thriller.
The inspector showed him the teaser image for the well controlled flight sequence.
A comedy troupe toured the country performing original sketches.
The site updates regular pages for another interesting feature.
Pop icon smashes records with best sellers across the board.
An experienced hairdresser is developing a new hairstyle that is geared toward younger people.
The director is raking in the success at the box office along with the cast and crew.
Critics demand a new flag because it has illuminated the worlds realities.
The actor has teamed up with a small group of entertainers for the upcoming show.
Broadway music has captivated audiences with memorable melodies and memorable songs.
The tamasa flim honours a well known actor for his lifetime contribution to the flim.
The singer won the national award for best playback singer in the best new song category.
The swimming pool surprises the visitors with a short inspection of the upcoming swimming pool.
A comedian has launched a podcast exploring the behind - the - scenes of comedy.
A songwriter collaborates with many singers for the most popular song.
The actress talks about preparing for a role in a drama in a thrilling legal case.
Actor stars in biopic portraying famous actor since 20th century.
Real - time TV broadcasting produces interviews based on interviewees conversations with on - screen consent.
Researchers make it a point to increase awareness of mental health through the exchange of information.
The team is scheduled for a return trip to record a clean sheet this year.
The distribution service connects the library with various branch offices around the world.
The publisher searches for topics related to  tomorrow  in no uncertain future that arouse the thought of  tomorrow. 
The singer pays tribute to the retired teacher while singing live from the heart.
The Festival showcases the talents of emerging artists from across the country.
An actor receives a commendation for his outstanding performance in a tragic war drama.
The singer has released an album that combines classical and electronic music styles.
The pioneers shared in the aftermath of the discovery of a new planet teeming with life - threatening diseases.
A Broadway producer turns a beloved childrens book into a heartwarming family musical.
The playground is equipped with a swimming pool for competitive swimming.
Critics praised the actresss ability to do so many roles in such a low budget.
A photographer discusses features in nature while examining a fascinating photograph.
The comedians latest hits across the globe after its release on streaming platform.
The pop star announced the new dates of the tour across Europe and North America.
An experienced chef tests new recipes in a newly published cookbook.
A publisher works with professional journalists for an independent magazine with an international circulation.
The orchestra performs experiments and styles of music not normally featured on a well - researched album.
The Broadway production announced a nationwide tour after breaking the record in New York.
The streaming service primarily produces literature based on interesting real - life experiences.
The actors memoir details the obstacles he faced in his Hollywood career journey.
A singing tamasa calculates the speed of the train through various intersections and intersections.
A carefully planned drama explores the deepest depths of love, grief and loss.
The animation film is turning out to be the most expensive film of the year worldwide.
A guilty conscience produces the thought - provoking words of the most famous song.
An actor portrays a deep character in the chorus in a playful free - fluid stage.
The sports centre announced plans for a multi - sports stadium.
Comedy clubs are always looking for changes in the workplace in new and adaptable ways.
The publishing company obtained a world - wide license for a colorful printing press.
The critics highlighted the depth of emotion in the actresss new venture.
The circuit overseer carefully analyzed the reasons for isolation in a climate that disturbs the atmosphere.
The singer gains recognition for challenging social injustice through powerful music videos.
Smart printers print newsletters by printing them on black carpet.
The article highlights the unsung heroes who are working in the relief work.
The actor surprises the audience with an aimless comedy in a memorable action movie.
The singer went on tour after releasing her second studio album which was well received.
The Reality Cup crowns a young sportsman as the new national champion.
The stream stream transforms the beloved novel into fantastic fictional stories.
The comptroller won the toss to select a candidate for the Central Board of Secondary Education.
Pop icon is collaborating with her fans for a new album which is anti - genre.
The Comedians Guide looks for humorous but meaningful comparisons in everyday life.
The actress talks about the obstacles they face while performing abroad.
The songwriting stage follows the singers progression to international success.
The Broadway show broke box office records during its opening weekend.
The acquisition of close friends and a stable environment for family needs.
The Chairman spoke about the views of the delegates during the press briefing for the upcoming press conference.
The actor portrays an Indian actress who fights against the constraints of time and environment.
The Festival celebrates the artistic achievements of the renowned musicians with various award - winning performances.
Critics are demanding a minimum wage in the worst possible climate.
A singer plays a beautiful song with the dancers during the dance.
The actress has landed a prominent role in Netflix's upcoming romantic drama.
The reality TV star is pursuing his career with a new and exciting venture.
The streaming service provides free movies for free movies.
The legendary singer announced his retirement after a long and successful career.
The late host hosted an elaborate dinner party for the invited guests.
The Director has laid the foundation for increasing the number of signals requiring reflection in the atmosphere.
The psalmist makes clear the reason for remaining in the fold by means of a song that offers fresh, heartwarming support.
The actor writes a message on the screen looking for the pictures around the digital collage of this picture.
The tamasa initially produces music projects promoted by talented young musicians around the world.
The art gallery updates the old story with a fresh and modern twist.
A well - planned drama explores moral and family issues.
The Pop band announces its long awaited comeback along with a new album and tour.
The streaming channel is distributing the right request for the most popular movies in the world.
The actor contemplates the part described for the opening act in the humorous talk.
A musician works with a choir for a challenging dance and changes the style of the music.
A contestant of a reality show is facing a criminal case due to corrupt scripts being leaked on news channels.
The documentary takes an in - depth look at the untold stories from the golden age of Hollywood history.
The singer broke the silence during the intermission, announcing new songs and drums to go wild.
A Broadway playwright gets a lifetime achievement award for eight years of acting.
Friends of the streaming service and studio for an interactive meeting with the viewers.
The Director is looking for examples of hope and resilience to be allowed in a post - apocalyptic environment.
Critics point to demanding roles in the emotionally charged free - form drama.
Advocates make it a costly expense to improve coral reef management and wildlife protection.
Visitors to the tamasa enjoy the unique colours of colour from the worlds leading artists.
Vaani Kapoor is collaborating with a famous director for romantic dramas.
Pooja Hegdes shad number from the incoming flight was clearly visible on the message boards.
Nora Fatehi's music video broke the audience record within the first 24 hours.
Kiara Advani becomes a spokesperson for the worlds leading cosmetics company.
Mahesh Babus two - word project is generating enthusiasm among the participants in various industries.
Dhanushs Tamil film has won international acclaim for its story and comedy.
Allu Arjun announced the continuation of the first phase along with an exciting announcement.
Rashmika Mandanna's debut in Bollywood has created a buzz among her fans.
Prabhas science fiction genre explores the latest trends and trends.
Kajal Aggarwal picks up the sequence of events from the historical drama.
Samantha Ruth Prabhus latest movie is receiving rave reviews for its heartwarming story.
Nithya Menen is hanging up on web pages searching for current issues and trends of the case.
Even Vijay Deverakondas performance in the romantic drama was hailed by critics as the best performance of his career.
The Yash KGF Lynnong 2 announcement sets new benchmarks for Indian sports.
The Nagarjuna family scandal has angered critics due to the depth of its emotional impact.
Deepika Padukone launched the idea of coit ka khiah in the mental health sector to attract the youth.
Ranveer Singhs unusual behaviour stole the show at the press conference.
Alia Bhatt shares the behind the scenes of her new movie.
Shah Rukh Khans action packed dance floor has set a record opening dance floor.
Katrina Kaif introduces her brand new line of fitness equipment based on traditional Indian sports.
Salman Khan's presence in the upcoming film is delighting fans across the globe.
Amitabh Bachchan wrote a humble note on the completion of fifty years in the music business.
Aishwarya Rai has graced the international stage with a stunning image.
Hrithik Roshans physical transformation for boxing is inspiring fans across the globe.
Priyanka Chopra shared the success of the Global Humanitarian Assistance Project with the UN.
Anushka Sharma's production house has announced a female - led thriller movie.
Varun Dhawan is collaborating with a special inspector for unemployment.
Jacqueline fernandez will act in action movie alongside Hollywood actor.
This patriotic film of Akshay Kumar has broken the audience record on streaming platforms.
Parineeti Chopra shares pictures of beautiful beauty in picturesque locations.
Sidharth Malhotra is winning hearts with his memorable role in the family drama.
Kangana Ranauts first win as a player earned her a wild card spot.
Taapsee Pannu's sports biopic receives accolades for its inspiring story.
Ayushmann Khurrana meets obstacles in daily life in a thought provoking atmosphere.
Sara Ali Khan discusses climate change along with farmers and workers in a humble post.
Janhvi Kapoor starred in a period drama which portrayed historical events with humor.
This veteran Sri Lankan left arm spinner had to contend with the magnificence of Muttiah Muralitharan.
Herath has made a mark in the field of education in the world.
India would be happy to go all the way to Melbourne after the big change.
Australia is the place where the halo of Rishabh Pant has been widely introduced.
The upcoming BCCI SGM will be held within 43 days from the scheduled date.
Delhi to host World Athletics Championships by 2025.
BCCI SGM will select Ashish Shelar coach Jay Shah on 12th Jymmang at Mumbai.
Read MCAs note of Prithvi Shaw on late speech of Vijay Hazare.
Rohits players have time to relax, refresh themselves and consolidate their technical skills ahead of the Boxing Day Test.
Within a month in Australia, India had seen it all.
Starting at Perth, ending at Adelaide and ending at Brisbane.
The Border - Gavaskar Trophy Series is tied 1-1 with two Tests remaining.
Rohit Sharmas team will soon have many more opportunities to revive their relationship.
Mr. R. Ashwins emergency leave has been extended for a further period.
Cheteshwar Pujara and Ajinkya Rahane missed the Test series.
From the core group of players, Rohit, Virat Kohli and Ravindra Jadeja are still in the mix.
In this venture, Kohli has found his voice in Perth before  the old minimalism everywhere  resurfaces.
While Rohit once again fought but was defeated in tough fights or made mistakes in his judgement.
Jadeja who scored last at Gabba was as bad as a batsman and as bad as a wicketkeeper.
With the emergence of Ashwin, he became the first serious sportsman in relation to race within the team.
K.L. Rahuls batting average (235 runs and 47 wickets ) with a higher score saved India.
To see the way Jasprit Bumrah and Akash Deep will play well and equally to play happily.
Those two, in a sense, saved the third Test by helping India avoid relegation.
Test means it turned out to be a very good match which lasted for five days.
It thwarted the comptrollers plans to increase the number of first - class wards to 445.
But India would like to make a big difference.
The coaching staff led by Gautam Gambhir had to look for a way to beat Travis Head.
Australia will miss the batting of injured Josh Hazlewood but Scott Boland is a solid substitute.
The Border - Gavaskar Trophy competition was won by Ajinkya Rahanes team.
Former cricketer Nathan McSweeney has been ruled out of the Australian Test team.
According to Cricket Australia news, McSweeney opened wide for Sam Konstas.
The 19-year - old former batsman scored 107 runs against Rohit Sharmas team.
Rohit Sharma's last Test match was against England at Dharamshala.
In the Australian skies, Rohit Sharma is still searching for a place in the sun.
The rivers dried up, and under his shadow.
The 2nd Test was abandoned in Adelaide after much delay.
Rain helped prepare for the third convention in Brisbane.
Rohit was well - acquainted with these points of reasoning and was more eager to be thoroughly trained and to do his best at the meetings.
Mumbaikar has been under lockdown since the accident.
His wickets so far in this tour are 3, 3, 6 and 10.
But in the ODI series overseas against Sri Lanka in August, he scored 58, 64 and 35 runs respectively.
He met K.L. Rahul and the next day he scored 10.
Investigators are judged on various criteria but none more so when reputation and leadership becomes part of the equation.
At the age of 37 and with the Indian captaincy hanging over him, it is not surprising that Rohit has been given a fair trial.
The same year when he led India to win the ICC T20 World Cup.
Unlike Virat Kohli, whose super power is limiting the cameras, Rohit is a more adventurous person to work with.
Kohli, through his ton in the first Test in Perth, got a breath of fresh air.
Steve Smith also ran into terrible accidents, but his fortune at the Gabba saved his life.
Rohit needs to repeat this in the coming weeks as he is likely to get four scores spread across Melbourne and Sydney.
In ODIs, his aggressive opening style ensured that his teammates were able to build further.
Rohit had to be patient and try V.V.S.
Laxman by filling in the narrow streams and draining the pond.
He had the luck and help that his first brownie points were scored during his tour of Australia in 2008.
With the series score at 1 - 1, the fourth Test is scheduled to begin at the Melbourne Cricket Ground here on 26th November.
Australian players Sean Abbott, Beau Webster and Jhye Richardson were also included in the squad.
While injured cricketer Josh Hazlewood is unable to play today.
Scott Boland will be substituting for him in this match.
The BCCI official website states that any pending matter must be settled within 45 days by calling urgent meeting.
The upcoming BCCI SGM will be held within 43 days from the scheduled date.
The BCCI will hold its Special General Meeting ( SGM ) in Mumbai on 12th January to select its new Secretary.
Both the projects were sanctioned by Jay Shah and Ashish Shelar earlier this month.
Shah was sworn in as the youngest ICC Chairman on 1st January, 2020.
Shelar, who is well versed in the BJP political arena, is taking oath as the MLA of the newly formed MLA Group in the Government of Maharashtra.
According to the recommendations of the Lodha Committee adopted by the Central Electoral Commission, in case of lockdown, one person cannot hold two seats.
Shah, who has one more year remaining in his tenure with the BCCI till the mandatory retirement.
Sean Abbott has been through a lot in his life since that serial killer Phillip Hughes.
Mumbai Cricket Association ( MCA ) dismissed Prithvi Shaws application.
A senior MCA official, speaking to PTI, commented that the party has been in turmoil at times.
Shaw expressed his disappointment at not being selected in the 16 man squad for the Vijay Hazare Trophy.
We are dealing with 10 lawyers because we are forced to hide Prithvi Shaw.
The ball will pass close to him and he will have difficulty reaching it.
Even as he lingers, we can see that he finds ways to reach the congregation.
His cleanliness, discipline and personality are simple and soothing.
Even the seniors in the group started complaining about his current situation.
In the Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy competition, Shaw buried his training issues.
Shaws friend who is also Mumbai captain Shreyas Iyer also gave a very interesting speech.
He played cricket a lot. Everyone gave him advice.
At the end of the day, it's his job to figure things out for himself.
Shaw was most recently ruled out of Mumbais Ranji Trophy squad for the same reasons last month.
He has been offered an interesting post at MCA Academy.
Shaw has been playing cricket amid great demand, where he made his Test debut in 2018 when he was just 18 years old.
This athlete, who is in the current Australian Test team, has been very efficient with his steps.
His ODI and T20 International form also failed to take off and he has not played Test cricket for India since 2021.
Some longtime athletes have expressed interest in his athleticism and personality.
At a time when the Indian cricket team under the captaincy of Lala Amarnath was touring Australia after Gandhi's assassination.
Various artifacts and memorabilia from historic cricket tours including Indias first ever tour to Australia are displayed at the MCG library.
It was the very first visit of the Indian cricket team to Australia and the players, led by Lala Amarnath.
One day cricket cup in Australia renamed by Dean Jones.
The Dean Jones Trophy has been renamed in honour of the Australian Test cricketer who is recognised for the best performance in a Test match of 50 overs.
Veteran boxer Joe Root returns to boxing after more than 50 years.
Smriti Mandhana has broken the record of more than five decades.
Richa Ghosh featured in the fastest fifty feat in which India won its first domestic T20I series after a gap of 5 years.
India has scored the most runs in T20.
Smriti Mandhana and Richa Ghosh have launched a well - planned partnership in Navi Mumbai through a series of highly successful deals.
India at Navi Mumbai on Thursday night where they beat West Indies by 60 runs in the decider T20I series.
Shortly after being evicted, Ghosh came in and raped a 18 - year - old girl.
Hayley Matthews won the coin toss for the third straight time and didnt hesitate to tie first.
The presence of mud on the DY Patil pitch makes it a suitable place for shooting.
The first circuit overseer from Chinelle Henry found that the circuit was moving along nicely.
India vs Pakistan will be in the centre, hybrid format for all ICC tournaments till 2028.
While the Champions Trophy is also scheduled to be played between 19th February to 9th March.
The time was not advertised due to lack of interest on this matter.
PCB strongly opposed hybrid approach but finally agreed to it on different grounds.
After much deliberation, the International Cricket Council ( ICC ) on Thursday announced.
Indias matches in the upcoming Champions Trophy will be on neutral ground at Pakistan Stadium.
Pakistan will not host India for any ICC tournament till 2028
This is the first direct election since former BCCI Secretary Jay Shah took over as ICC Chairman.
This hybrid mode, for all types of vehicles till 2028 is expected to be fully automated.
This will work in the ICC Men's T2025 ( hosted by Pakistan ).
It is yet to be decided where Indias Champions Trophy matches will be played.
BCCI has rated UAE as a highly preferred destination.
When this cloud will be installed will be announced in due course, the ICC said.
India has vowed not to go to Pakistan for the next summit, citing security constraints.
Pakistan requested the details in writing, indicating that every other major cricket team.
PCB Chairman Mohsin Naqvi is also the current Home Minister of Pakistan.
Last month, Pakistan, signed the letter, which was circulated by the ICC board, among its members, in April.
Mr. Roots contribution in this regard is the 50th World Youth Day which will be celebrated in India in 2023.
The BCCI has informed the ICC of its travel restrictions for Pakistan.
India has not played in Pakistan since the 2008 Mumbai terror attack.
While Pakistan again came to India for the Under - 50 World Cup last year.
India has qualified for the Asia Cup in Sri Lanka.
Amid a tense situation, the two countries have not concluded bilateral relations mamla since 2013.
India have been drawn in Group A for the Champions Trophy alongside eventual winners Pakistan.
Bangladesh and New Zealand, while Australia, England, South Africa and Afghanistan are in Group B.
This will be the first ICC tournament in Pakistan since 1996.
With the men's T20 tournament in 2026 jointly hosted by India and Sri Lanka.
Pakistan's interests may lie somewhere in the middle.
Tim Paine, who lost his captaincy, following the sexting saga, and Cummins, became Australia's captain.
Cummins was 19 years old at the time he got that dream in a Test match in South Africa.
Ravindra Jadeja came to know about this relaxation at the last minute.
It was amazing, Jadeja told reporters at the Melbourne Cricket Ground ( MCG ).
36 - year - old Fury scored his first ever century against Usyk in Naitung last month.
While Tyson Fury burned the wrong ticket against Oleksandr Usyk in a bid to carry the title in the heavyweight category without a fight.
This British boxer will take on Ukrainian boxer for a rematch to carry the heavyweight title in Riyadh.
This British boxer, went to train in Malta, for this tournament.
Members of Furys group, who wished to remain anonymous, contacted The Telegraph.
Fury had been sparring with a group of southpaw youths before teaming up against Oleksandr Usyk.
They adopted what has been described as the most rigorous disciplinary procedure in Furys life.
The newspaper, also reported, that Fury, was involved in sports activities.
 Shark Tanking, a method in which new entrants are encouraged to turn in and out.
The eight boxers are Kevin Lerena, Zhan Kossobutskiy, Fernely Feliz Jnr, Alexis Barrière and Aleksei Dronov.
The last three uncontested champions in their history according to the book report.
In match against Usyk at Naiwieng, Fury got injured during sparring match.
The main preliminary examination will be shifted from mid - February till November.
But Malta was huge.
We have started physical exercise soon, shwa camp.
We've got four months of it.
Tyson has now reached a new milestone : a 500 - pound leg lift.
We have put in the maximum effort and resources required for this campaign.
Kristian Blacklock, who is Fury's strength and conditioning coach, told the Telegraph Sport.
Fury won 35 out of 35 matches before losing his first match.
Fury and Usyk have signed a deal to join forces in 2023.
Furys Maltese empire saw him take home 5000 tonnes of food a day.
Tyson has a great love for sports and fitness.
I know that his [ boxing coach ] SugarHill [Steward] feels the same way.
He likes to wrestle and he is determined to win.
His predicament made him even more determined.
Liam Lawson makes his way to the Red Bull's hot seat.
Yuki Tsunoda will team up with Max Verstappen in 2025.
After Mexican driver Sergio Perez and Red Bull pulled apart.
Red Bull's parking lot is usually located between the coaches' benches.
Liam Lawson only has 11 fights to his name,
Making his international debut in 2023 after beating Daniel Ricciardo
Yuki is a very fast driver.
Hell have three or four rules of logic now.
He did very well in tyre testing for us in Abu Dhabi.
At Liam's, when you look and go to check on his tribe.
His relationship with Yuki is not good.
Tsunoda made his international debut in 2021 for Alpha Tauri this time.
Red Bull after the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix.
Red Bull believes Liam Lawson has as much talent as his rivals.
Lawson has displayed great skill in competitive sports.
While he is a rider of great reliability and courage.
He found himself in a place where many of the big car manufacturers were.
Red Bull are regularly changing their number two driver with Alex Albon, Pierre Gasly and Sergio Perez.
Red Bull has suddenly come back looking for a sponsor.
Indian Express releases schedule of D Gukesh's facial surgery in 2025
Gukesh Dommaraju became the youngest footballer in history to win the World Cup.
Gukesh will be joined by Arjun Erigaisi of India, and Norwegian Magnus Carlsen
The year 2025 will begin with the direct participation of Tata Steel.
He will be playing against Erigaisi and another Indian player R Praggnanandhaa in the knockout stage.
Gukesh is playing in the Freestyle Chess Grand Slam Tour.
What is the current Tour de France in Germany ( Weissenhaus), India(Delhi), France ( Paris )
In this match, Gukesh will play against his idol Viswanathan Anand alongside Carlsen.
9 out of 10 candidates have been nominated for this coveted award,
The youngster will then have a chance to compete in the elite Norwegian Chess 2025.
Along Wei Yi, Gukesh will team up against Magnus Carlsen and Arjun.
Gukesh did not participate in this competition last year.
Gukesh has participated in Norway 2023 watla
Gukesh and his current teacher, Grzegorz Gajewski, worked closely together.
It is a competition that has proved to be extremely lucrative for Indias top athlete
India to host Para Athletics World Championship
The 2025 edition will be the 12th edition of the event and the 4th time it will be hosted in Asia.
Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium has been selected as the venue for the Para Worlds 2025 which is scheduled to be held in 2025.
This is the first time that India will host a Paralympic Games.
The announcement was made by the World Paralympic Association ( WPA ) on its official website.
This Grand Prix will serve as a warm up to the big event scheduled to be held in the month of April.
The Paralympic cycle to Los Angeles 2028 will be in New Delhi.
The World Para Athletics Championships in 2025 will be the largest Para competition in the world.
India is one of the best examples of the growth and popularity of Para athletics in the last few decades.
From winning two silver medals at the 2015 World Championships in Doha to collecting 17 medals.
Atletico Madrid's first win at Camp Nou in 18 years
Barcelona unbeaten in league for 3 consecutive games
The win moved Atletico to the top of the table with 41 points.
Barcelona initially took the lead through Pedris first goal.
Manchester City once again burned the penalty, the pressure increasingly falling on Pep Guardiola as Aston Villa won 2-1 away.
Aston Villa have overtaken Manchester City for eighth place in the Premier League table.
Pep Guardiola's side could be relegated to the seventh tier at the end of this season
In a very slow start, Villa came close to the top in under 20 seconds.
Ortega made another good save from the next corner.
The small increase was a sign of things to come.
21 - year - old Duran scored in the 16th minute.
Youri Tielemans sent a very nice email to Rogers.
It is yet another bid for a permanent place in the starting lineup by the longtime Villa coach Duran.
He also had the ball suspended for offside on Friday.
City were bowled out for the first time in their six matches in the league this week.
Only the smaller Wolves, Southampton and Leicester have done so more times (12 times ).
Villa Park opened the scoring again in the 65th minute when Rogers kept a clean sheet from captain John McGinn.
It's like a beast, really, Rogers told TNT Sports of City.
Phil Foden scored a goal for City on his very first league goal of the season.
Foden scored his best goals for City, including one in the World Cup winning Villa goalkeepers last game.
First time this season to win eight consecutive Premier League games.
The Maresca boys could face, at least temporarily, with a win at Everton on Mother's Day 2020.
That was Enzo Maresca after Chelsea beat Brentford 2-1.
Victory at Everton on Sunday and Chelsea could be a long shot
Chelsea can't hide that she will be part of the Christmas speech.
That they are the first team ever to win eight consecutive league titles.
After winning 5 - 1 against Shamrock Rovers on Thursday, they secured promotion to the top flight.
After the win against Brentford, Maresca is still voicing his opinion on Chelsea's incompetence.
But in the top which no team could match against Liverpool who won the toss.
Chelsea is still doing its part to make the tournament to get a good reputation.
They topped the table with 37 points, 6 points more than top - ranked Liverpool.
And they were bowled out for 19, which is also 6 more than Liverpool.
But if they bet 63 points on the last hole, and 47 points on the last hole, it's a draw.
Chelsea scoring 11 goals against Newcastle is the lowest in the league.
Chelsea are more concerned about the injury than the result.
Learn how the world was purified thanks to the generosity of Enzo Fernandez and Fofana.
The Argentine was also accused of playing for French football clubs.
Chelsea have come a long way from a humiliating start to the season last week.
That is when they have 48 players and Raheem Sterling is not playing.
He has since been loaned to Arsenal.
In an effort to promote books, the winners from the academy were Connor Gallagher, Omari Hutchinson
She felt as if she was starting to panic since the summer of 2022.
The 44 - year - old Italian striker, who was Pep Guardiolas assistant at City 2019.
Conference League to form a strong back - up by providing coaches.
Nicolas Jackson turned out to be very lucky in the transfer of Chelsea.
Maresca used this Senegalese player closer to her than she did last week.
His seven league goals took Jackson to 23 in 50 appearances.
Only Erling Haaland (40) and Ollie Watkins (25) have scored more goals without a penalty.
Jacksons talent established Cole Palmer as a creative force.
Marescas admiration for such athletes as Jadon Sancho, Pedro Neto and Noni Madueke
As expected from the emerging team and under new coach,
they've had some bad moments against Brentford and Spurs.
Chelsea's record at Everton is very poor with one win and five defeats.
It is reported that ace cricketer Manu Bhaker is being considered for the Khel Ratna Award.
Manu Bhaker wrote the script in the year 2024 as the ace boxer won two silver medals.
Earlier, she won a bronze in the women's 10m sprint event.
became the first Indian to achieve such a feat in the Olympics since Indias independence.
Bhaker asked the participants whether it is right to have Dhyan Chand Khel Ratna.
she got a bad rap from the critics, who rated her because she gave birth to her like this post.
Bhaker has indeed submitted her application for the country's highest art competition.
Bhaker was in possession of a pistol during the Tokyo 2020 Olympic Games.
She has returned to Paris to silence her fans.
She also bagged gold medals in both the CWG and Asian Games.
Simultaneously, she also bagged a Gold at the CWG 2018.
She also became the youngest Indian to win a gold at the World Cup in 2018.
Bhaker credited Rana for his study which helped her to make history in Paris.
Indian Grandmaster defeated defending champion Ding Liren in the mixed doubles category at the 2020 World Championships.
Viswanathan Anand is another Indian, who has won the World Cship five times.
Gukesh got to compete with Liren after winning the candidates' competition.
The race came down to the fourteenth and final race,
Liren went on to win by beating the opposition candidate.
Gukesh, recently returned to India and reportedly taking a short break.
He decided not to take part in the last FIDE competition of the year.
He came back to work next year.
He also reached world no. 1 Magnus Karlsen
Gukesh will begin his venture in 2025 with Tata Steel.
It will be in Wijk aan Zee in the Netherlands.
This competition will also feature Anish Giri, Erigaisi, Fabiano Caruana, R Praggnanandhaa.
The Gukesh occurs twice a year, with the Chinese Wei Yi appearing first.
Nick Kyrgios has put Nicolas Mahut on the list of his final competitors.
Australian tennis star Nick Kyrgios has competed in numerous international tournaments.
Sinner will win that 6 - 3 Mahut told Eurosport.
Kyrgios is preparing to return again.
The Aussie cricketer revealed that his comeback will be solely down to winning the singles title.
Kyrgios who came the closest to lifting such a title is likely in the 2022 Wimbledon Champions League.
He's a potential challenger to Jannik Sinner who could beat the world number one player.
Kyrgios was upset by Mahuts speech
Kyrgios return flight to Brisbane International is expected to be delayed.
He recovered from the wound in hand and foot,
Dutch chess player Anna - Maja Kazarian accused FIDE over their bet on cheap sneakers
Dutch actress Anna - Maja Kazarian is a household name among the youth audience.
The famous Twitch commentator was fined 100 Euro to FIDE.
She broke her ankle during the World Cup.
The judge went to her place because of her prostitutes.
FIDE feels that its wines are not overpriced and the price tag is set.
According to the FIDE guidelines for this league, participants are required to wear professional attire.
Kazarian strongly criticised FIDE for repeatedly blocking the fast wickets in the FIDE Rapid this year.
The 24 - year - old athlete also collected images from downloading FIDE guidelines for athletes.
Tiger Woods, who has scored 20 holes in a single game in his professional career,
Langer, 67 years old and his son Jason, 24 years old won the same title in the second edition, 2019.
Langer became the only athlete to win the PNC Championship consecutively and embraced boys as his teammates.
He won twice (2005 and 2006) and Stefan, 2006.
Tiger, shot in the chest 20 times
Charlie ended in disbelief after a loud noise from the parking lot.
Woods hugged his son as he did during his Masters win in 2019,
Gukeshs father had a compelling testimony to a prominent Indian businessman.
Gukeshs father, Rajnikanth, paid homage to one of Indias greatest teachers.
Harikrishna is a 38 years old Grandmaster from Andhra Pradesh,
He was also ranked 10th in the World Black Belt in 2016 and 2770th in the ELO Black Belt in 2016.
Gukesh and Hari worked together for a week in 2022
Hari was pleased to invite Gukesh to his family after he passed away around 2650.
He mentioned that he enjoyed Gukeshs entertainment.
The success of the Gugesh has led news channels to be disseminated as traditional and contemporary artists
Carlsen has publicly rejected the idea of joining hands against Gukesh for the World Cship title.
The eight teams will face each other in the month of February in the upcoming Freestyle Chess Grandslam 2018.
The Norwegian has also given a name to fast sex as  pure sex. 
Carlsens feelings were also recently expressed by a prominent Armenian theologian.
Aronians current FIDE rating is 2747 and he is ranked 11th in the world.
His highest score was 2830 in March 2014.
Carlsen is also a resident of aplikeshon.
Aronian is also the fourth highest ranked player in the history of chess.
He has lifted the FIDE World Cup in 2005 and 2017.
He switched from Armenian football to American football in 2021, 2021.
The year 2024 will be a very challenging year for football,
Manchester City broke the domestic record by carrying the number one club in the Premier League once again.
Spain brought a new golden age to the continent of Europe,
This versatile defender has been the cornerstone of Manchester City's success in recent years.
Rodri's absence due to injury has become apparent,
The Argentine singer displayed his extraordinary talent.
Messi scored a remarkable 20 goals
by providing 16 grants only in 19 subjects.
he became the best goalkeeper of Miami
A club coached by David Beckham to win 74 games in regular season
Miamis postseason run ended with a first round playoff loss,
The Messiahs touch is inescapable.
His persistence earned him the nickname of the most valuable sportsman of the game,
The year 2024 could be the end of the line for Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo.
Altogether, they have been crowned world champions 13 times.
They finished as runners - up 11 times, often against each other.
Currently, Ronaldo plays for Al Nassr in Saudi Arabia, 2019.
Messi is with MLS Inter Miami.
It is anticipated that Manchester City will go through another relegation.
Pep Guardiola's team suffered an unprecedented financial collapse.
Haaland started the match with a clean sheet.
Real Madrid beat a very good team in the summer of 2024 by winning a historic match.
Sunil Chhetri's last Test match was on 6th January in Kolkata where he played against Kuwait in a 0 - 0 draw.
Chhetri is currently plying his trade for Bengaluru FC in the Indian Super League ( ISL), 2020.
He still holds the record as the best goalkeeper in the league.
He still remains as India's highest run scorer of all time.
The year 2024 marks the end of a long and successful relationship for Kylian Mbappe.
This 2018 World Cup winner has scored seven goals in 15 matches.
At Madrid, Mbappe was deployed as a centre back in the starting lineup of three 
Spain have claimed a new UEFA Euro 2024 gold medal,
The team showed great promise by beating hosts Germany in the quarter finals,
Spain defeated England, winning 2-1 to clinch the title.
Barcelona midfielder Dani Olmo finished as Spain's top scorer, with three goals.
Rodri was adjudged the Best Athlete in the Class of 2019.
Yamal was awarded as the best young sportsman
Yamals spectacular goal in the semi final against France was also selected as the Player of the Tournament, 2019.
Kylian Mbappe surprised his fans with a spectacular goal in the friendly against Sevilla.
Mbappe scored his first goal for Real Madrid in a 4 - 2 win.
He also helped Brahim Diaz to secure Madrid's fourth title.
Mbappe, who turned 26 on Monday, had one of the best transitions in the history of Real Madrid.
This Brazilian striker stolen Mbappe's ball halfway through the area.
This athlete from France scored 14th overall this week.
Kylian Mbappe closed the gap and added another goal.
Atletico Madrid beat Barca on Sunday to clinch the league title at Christmas 2020.
Carlo Ancelotti's side also took the lead with a comfortable win on their own.
Fede Valverde also scored the winning goal from far,
Isaac Romero and Dodi Lukebakio beat Sevilla by 10 runs.
Mbappe, returns after a long absence due to a shoulder injury
He scored for Madrid at half - time as they won the Intercontinental Cup.
Ancelotti's side went straight to the winner and a third goal followed in the 34th minute.
Lucas Vazquez scored for Rodrygo which ended in a goalless draw.
Sevilla really took off in the winter.
Sevilla dismissed Navas after a goalless draw.
He was signed by Santiago Bernabeu.
The retired Spanish footballer was given by the coaches of Madrid and Sevilla respectively.
Navas, 39 years old, won the Europa League four times and the Copa del Rey twice with Sevilla, 39.
His last result ended in disappointment for the Andalusians.
Fernandez was able to defend from Rodrygo after Mbappe rounded the goalkeeper.
He forwarded the same to his Brazilian friend,
Lukebakio scored another goal for Sevilla.
Madrid managed to finish a very good season,
Manchester United were defeated at home against Bournemouth 3-0
Chelsea missed out on promotion to the top flight of the Premier League after drawing 0 - 0.
United coach Ruben Amorim once again ruled Marcus Rashford out of the team
United were beaten four times in seven games in all competitions.
United suffered two defeats after being knocked out of the League Cup at Tottenham
The Amorites belief that their route back to the mainland would be long and difficult.
Amorim's decision to play without Rashford in the 3rd Test
Antoine Semenyo extended United's lead after two minutes by conceding a very impressive goal.
Chelsea are just one point behind Liverpool who have had two draws.
Everton new chairman Marc Watts was in attendance today at Goodison Park.
Wolves coach Vitor Pereira got his first big break.
Porto coach Pereira has resigned from the Saudi Pro League.
Manchester City is currently going through a very bad time.
Tania Sachdev, one of the leading stars of Indian women's cricket for the last 15 years.
Sachdev, a three - time Commonwealth Women's Chess Champion.
30 people lost weight every hour in 2021 in the world, says World Health Organization official.
The hospital is in the process of collaborating with a private company to develop a practical and accurate tool for those in need of treatment.
The apex court sought the Centres response to a petition to introduce anti - contagion vaccines for dogs in health centres, hospitals etc.
The rice soaked in Nestle's salty marshmallows is synonymous with Indian and global cuisine.
Skin stones quarried in Andhra Pradesh
Opposition to the introduction of drug - related diseases
Binge drinking increases the risk of serious heart disease.
A multi - species passport has been released to facilitate the movement of patients coming to Hyderabad
U.S. approves first major drug treatment for insomnia
The villagers of Uttarakhand voluntarily donate the body of a newborn baby for education at the level of chicken.
Indian scientists have developed new therapies for leprosy.
India is expected to account for half of the estimated number of malaria cases by 2023 in South East Asia.
Increased access to outdoor recreational facilities is having a major impact on the health of the uninsured population and gender.
A high - quality second - line liver transplant gave a 61 - year - old cancer patient in Kenya a new lease on life
Bengal Medical Council has launched a fund to honour R.G. Witness's side
Researchers from India have developed a framework based on AI to rapidly identify molecules that can fight cancer
Increase of Waterborne Disease in Thrikkakara Apartments Raises Concern
Quality of life and health of children to be followed according to the practice of Jylla, Jylla State in India
Learning to Accept Care at the End of Life and Painful Communication
High availability, with real application of AI in front line
California to consider extending mental health alerts on social media
How a kidney transplant at an early age may increase the risk of cancer later in life
NMC creates opportunities to reach out to the lepers during lockdown
Extreme cold puts jain mill workers at risk
The FSSAI seeks quarterly information on expired and rejected food items
Candidates are requested to submit work plans for implementation of National Police on Environmental Hygiene during the coming month
National Medical Commission recommends strict treatment of  leprosy patients  before granting approval for new medical colleges or identifying hospitals
Recent findings on how Long COVID affects the liver
Start of debate A healthy India, a prosperous India
Prevention of malaria through the use of genetically modified vaccines
Mobile phone addiction leads to poor sleep in all age groups
Is the Centres long term care for the elderly affordable?
Ministry of Health launches 100 days campaign to eradicate TB and malaria
U.N. A cows tail bites its forehead with sharp claws, says Udhayanidhi
How does Karnataka progress in gender equality?
Amidst the confusion, Hospitals in Kolkata said that they will not discriminate, they will just start treating patients from Bangladesh.
Functional treatment of dry skin for winter season of all grades
The entrance to the swimming pool for disabled persons has been delayed indefinitely
Identification of the genetic pathways through which South Asians are at increased risk of acquiring this disease, and treatment options.
The rest of the stock of anti - TB drugs says tnad ka koit ka khiah
Question saian on the sun supplying the earths ice sheet
Why are the patients being treated for tuberculosis still stuck in Indias emergency centres?
Skin cancers are more common in  non - smoking , air pollution believed to be the cause
Life under dewbill in Haryana
Cancer and mental health disorders.
Answering the question may help some with skin lesions to jump on the bandwagon.
Centre is in the process of answering questions related to AIIMS in Kerala
Education in the field of psychology in India requires a core body, a discipline to break free from the rigid constraints of the hierarchy
What is a bleeding ulcer?
The Kalaburagi Branch of Jayadeva Hospital will be open to public by the end of December 2020.
Crusaders who fought for the welfare of those with blood disorders were awarded the countrys highest medal
Tuberculosis officials investigate mysterious outbreak in northeastern Congo after 143 deaths
Distilled water is now on the hazardous waste list
T.N. Largest Public Hospital hires consultants to talk to patients, visitors, raise their standards
IV waste water found to be a criminal, Karnataka writes to the Director of Public Prosecutions seeking a criminal complaint in connection with Ballari village accident
Indias history with AIDS and its aftermath
Toxins of an unfortunate accident in Bhopal.
Frontline workers in the field of food security underlined the need for emergency relief
Black - air blankets and the cloth behind the blankets
AAP is more interested in milk trade than citizens' milk quota
Indias cities, their burden of non - contagious diseases
HIV prevalence in Telangana halves in 14 years as AIDS awareness rises
40 years after tragic accident in Bhopal, Union Carbide's dirty laundry is finally coming to an end
New HIV infection, AIDS is on the decline, HIV prevalence among men is on the rise in Mizoram, Nagaland
Government has to introduce HIV/AIDS vaccination under Aarogyasri scheme to prevent spread of the virus
Emerging H5N1 mutations increase the risk of infection in humans
The U.N. says it keeps its eyes on the bright side, focusing on World AIDS Day
High availability of CD4 testing kits in Karnataka affects HIV/AIDS patients
what do we need to do for a future without AIDS
Music Technology Conference concluded at Kochi
Blood Clinic at SCB Medical College, Cuttack to be a centre of excellence for blood cancer
Urgent need to reduce the potential impact of HIV/AIDS, says AIDS Society of India
UNICEF expresses concern over high HIV prevalence among adolescent girls, boys and girls
HIV/AIDS prevalence is 0.16% in T.N.
4.75 crore people tested for sickle cell anemia, 0.38% said Muntri ka koit ka khiah u Nadda
Ongoing efforts, new developments show the way forward in the fight against HIV/AIDS in West Bengal
Bilat district councillors approve bill allowing terminally ill patients to end their own lives
There is no reliable data to establish a precise cause of the outbreaks simply because of the weather pattern
NMC gives notice to 20 private colleges in Karnataka on student financial aid
Indians need to bear the burden of preventing pregnancy.
It is estimated that mental illness will affect about 15.3 billion people by 2050
Lokayuktas bizarre bet to K.C. Report General Hospital on stolen money, customs clearance
Improvement in the management of the disease, either natural or other, gives patients more opportunities to vaccinate.
About 14 lakh Ayushman Vay Vandana cards issued to senior citizens above 70 years of age, according to Centre
The countrys medical and public health situation is better than the WHOs
WHO calls for increased surveillance of H5N1 avian influenza among animals
Replacement of the box on the back of the box benefits of dark chocolate.
Mandaviya on Delhi Governments age discrimination scheme
Hyderabads AIG Hospital has successfully launched Indias first PillBot, a single - use endoscopy device
Currency constraints hamper access to deep breathing, a key treatment option for children with dystonia, doctors say.
Cancer prevalence among children in Chennai, experts emphasise need for emergency relief
HIV infection and drug addiction : a story of grief and transformation
UK House of Commons to vote on euthanasia
Tamil Nadu State University to improve immunization coverage of snakes
Will insurance covering visits to doctors and medical examinations help reduce the costs of long - term care facilities?
Take this  heart attack  drug that causes cancer.
GST exemption for chicken, beef, pork, chicken, rice etc. proposed by the Standing Committee of Experts
Another careless omission against Kozhikode MCH
India needs a bold approach to fill the unaffordable, high cost gap in cancer care
Preventing stillbirth requires redefining the criteria, improving parental awareness and developing better practices.
WHO scientists recommend vaccines to reduce blood quantity
Could blood cell transplantation be more convenient than making a skin graft for Type 1 cancer?
While praising nutrition and exercise, experts point out that they have not been able to unify against cancer and that GLP - 1 RA has the potential to change shape.
How Virtual Reality can help treat stroke and improve mental health outcomes in older adults
Release Epigamia CEO Rohan Mirchandani due to sudden cardiac arrest.
VR can help those with dementia recall fond memories by recreating familiar locations.
Cow's milk vs cow's milk, Which is better for increasing bone density and health?
Actor Ranbir Kapoor claimed to have become septic.
By learning the basics and facts, you can make an informed decision regarding your medication.
How many high BP patients get their real results.
IIT Madras students carefully look under the pupils answer, one section at a time
The skin disease that can be attributed to mosquitoes is due to two factors that can be easily changed.
Is the transfer of iron in blood more comfortable with a cold - stripped syringe?
Is it possible to digest colostrum in blood by eating in the morning?
Like a leaf with green leaves, it is rich in essential nutrients that can help you manage your appetite.
AIIMS develops new tool to search for non - collaborating skin cancer How AI and ASHA staff work together to mitigate risks, help in early detection of cancer
According to WHO report India is experiencing an increase in malaria cases, a rate of 69% per capita
The aim is to collect state - of - the - art data across India which can help AI tools to identify the most common types of skin cancer affecting Indian women.
How much  fair  AQI affects each category by Delhi score
While reducing the amount of iron in the blood, the product can also protect against high blood pressure.
Why do epileptic seizures suddenly appear in young and seemingly healthy people?
How to Get Back in Shape  Life After Cancer
Is magnesium supplement a serious problem? Doctor changes the medicine
Change your lifestyle, drink your drinks regularly and cut them some slack.
Zakir Hussain's cancer removal.
Could the risk of heart attack be triggered by 4 minutes of exercise  morning sickness, fasting, intercourse with wild animals?
New gene suspect for blood cancer
When caring for the elderly is the real Ayushman.
Varun Dhawan handed him a blank copy in his empty stomach.
How an Indian scientist discovered the lipid that controls the function of your bones and your bodys immune system.
How Sharmila Tagore made 80s 60s new
How Yoga Can Be Your Unforgettable 15-Minute Fitness Routine
Reduce your food intake as detox drinks may already be interfering with your metabolism.
Can lemon water really cleanse the skin?
Why do epileptic seizures suddenly appear in young and seemingly healthy people?
Both cricketers Imran Patel and K - Drama actor Park Min Jae are in their late 30s, when they were diagnosed with acute kidney failure.
Why are the youth of Chennai taking a new course along with HIIT course for cardiovascular fitness
Developed by Madras Cancer Research Centre, it has been tested and validated against the negative effects of alcohol addiction.
Is the avocado the new apple?
Avoid any foods that may interfere with your memory and function.
What precautions can you take to protect yourself from lung cancer
These nodules are often the result of overuse, lack of replacement, persistent inflammation or long - lasting deterioration.
Can even one drink every weekend harm your skin?
Furthermore, the Indians were more inclined to overindulge in alcohol, which added so much to the occasion that the skin could not repair itself as quickly.
Which are the 3 types of yoga postures that can reduce stomach pain?
By balancing exercise and relieving stress and anxiety, yoga can enhance the beauty of your body.
What is the nature of time?
Oestrogen deficiency results in redistribution of blood from the testes and kidneys to the abdomen.
What is Covid? AIIMS study shows one third of survivors cannot breathe even after 2 years
In addition to decreased muscle function, researchers also reported changes in eating habits, changes in mood and sleep disturbances, for which clinical trials are ongoing.
That packet of chips makes you look older
Food inspector advises street level to use well prepared meals
Millions of cancer patients have fallen on hard times because they did not know the importance of taking a Vitamin D supplement.
Consult a doctor and never buy pills without a doctor's prescription.
Is Greek chicken the best dish?
Noise control problem or noise, let's break the online traffic
Does a protein bar or a well - diluted soy milk lower blood sugar in your blood?
Any item that comes in a purse or a bag, or that is checked, is filled with stop signs.
How the quality of the answer, the new Oxford word of the year, may affect you.
A teenager in her late 20s relates how she pulled herself out of a well
Food safety inspector warns that bottled water is dangerous
Annual inspection before issuance of license, says FSSAI.
How much bad cholesterol causes heart disease and How much should you lower it?
This is the best way to prevent recurrence of heart disease and to ensure long - term health.
Scientists explain how nutrition acts as a predictive factor
Researchers are still searching for foods that are safe or have other ingredients that work with newer techniques to improve yields.
Why are vegetables a new type of food that energizes the body for cardiovascular health?
They are low in calories, non - fatty and cholesterol - free.
How AI rapidly reaches HIV hotspots and helps reduce the spread of the disease
USAID Country Counsellor for India Dr Steve Olive on why Indias approach can work for others.
How current health professionals are getting their own apps to prevent HIV infection
Online dating sites swipe left as teens leave porn sites to meet in real places.
Which yoga exercises can reduce joint pain?
In the month of July, a study of AIIMS examined how yoga helps in curing skin cancer.
Why Protein and Nutrient Combination in Your 30s Can Help You Feel Better in Your 60s
Bone marrow must come from the large bones, not from the bone marrow.
Are  Ozempic and  Wegovy musical instruments as widely used as musical instruments?
 Many patients still need to be treated with oral drugs to manage their cancer rather than with injections, at least in the early stages,  says a cancer specialist.
Indias new vaccine for preventable skin cancer and Why is it a game changer?
First in its line of production in the world in 30 years, the efficacy of Nafithromycin is up to 96.7 percent.
What is the new prognosis for diabetes and COPD in 50 years? Lancet study predicts 30 percent decrease in hospital admissions
The drug Benralizumab has been found to be more effective than steroids.
Does your Vitamin D decrease because of sweating, wind?
Use supplements only if you cannot get enough vitamin D from sunlight or from foods.
India ranks second among 57 affected countries. The pandemic is coming to an end, says official
Are all junk foods really junk?
What practices of pranayama can alleviate your anxiety?
There is a belief that only moderate diets can change the shape of your stomach.
Can a tooth be dipped in blood by a bee?
But all of this can be done privately in a controlled environment.
The risk lies in the fiber and low nutritional content in this white powder.
How the Delhi bombing affected this family for three generations
What principle can help us to maintain a positive spirit?
Being exposed to airborne PM 2.5, ozone and nitrogen dioxide, the youngest has a persistent allergic reaction to dust.
How to Prevent Heart Attack in Winter? Keep BP at 120/80 mmHg or above.
While jaggery has nutritional benefits, its main ingredient is still milk, which produces taste.
Considering how many communicable diseases Indians have, the risk is directly proportional to the prevalence of BP.
Why Ranbirs profession is gaining popularity
How much jaggery is enough for you to eat daily
Hand pumps are very useful for your exercise routine as they work with different parts of your body.
How the discovery of Nobel Prize - winning microRNA changed the face of cancer research and treatments.
Experts assess risks and suggest ways to avoid them
In addition to cancer, researchers across the country are continuing to collaborate with microRNA to search for and treat Alzheimers and other neurodegenerative diseases
Why do blackflies have winter vegetables
Why do PM2.5 and PM10 affect children more than adults?
This is the time of year when they become plentiful
Why Navjot Singh Sidhu's cancer treatment is not the whole truth
Many of us have personality traits in the flesh that shape our personality, affecting those we meet
Moreover, nutritional requirements vary from person to person depending on the disease and the stage of the disease
How yoga exercises can help in exam besides board, exams in conversation
Aamir Khan reveals he had a long term relationship with his daughter Ira
Just try this simple combination of meditation and asanas
Even a low level of PM2.5 can increase the risk of heart attack by 2.5 per cent in a single day, according to AIIMS recommendation
Other risks may include stroke, heart failure and uncontrolled heart palpitations
Not only the kidneys, the liver has witnesses how other organs are also affected
Sitting 10-plus hours a day?
Why can breathing air cause a heart attack?
Pornography tests the quality of pornography produced by immoral conduct
Are freshly roasted carrots, peas better than roasted?
A joint study by AIIMS, Delhi and Imperial College, London found that three different blood pressure monitors are effective
Here we are breaking an online hot topic on whether you should go for salads or soups
Why does skin cancer spread unnoticed?
Unbreakable BP? AIIMS is testing a single combo drug which is more effective than current drugs
Its early symptoms are mild and easy to mistake for everyday ailments
Is the Delhi lockdown triggering an outbreak of foot - and mouth disease?
Left Vocal Cord Paresis is a condition in which the left vocal cord has lost tension or tension
This is the most chronic and uncommon pneumonia affecting young people
Does the amount of iron in your blood raise the risk of cancer?
Singer Shekhar Ravjiani reportedly lost his voice
While much attention has been given to the physical treatment of cancer, too often the emotional and mental impact is overlooked
Which foods to consume to combat PM2.5, to clean the sputum?
You can protect against childbed fever by harvesting honey during the breeding season and rationing it in the baby's diet for the first few years of life
Increase the amount of food that can be used as an antiseptic
Could a once - ingested HPV vaccine also prevent breast cancer?
Congolese Dies of Blood Fever, Described as Another Mayan Disease
Children with a family history of type 1 or type 2 kidney disease are at increased risk of developing these diseases
Burning sensation versus stagnation, how to identify and correct each in action?
Statewide alert on California due to Bird Flu
Are You at Risk for Dementia?
A 36 - year - old non - smoker is not a serious case of skin cancer
But even amid his increasing symptoms and frequent visits to doctors, he was not sent for a cheek x - ray
What Is the Prognosis After Khia U Ram Kapoor Hospital?
Early Signs of Heart Attack in Women
According to a number of experts, 6 out of 10 skin cancer cases are those who have never smoked in their lives
Why do your Period Signs get worse during winter?
Breast Cancer? Dont Spread It Too Much As It May Damage It
But it is still possible to get skin cancer even if you have stopped smoking
Why You Feel Your Heartbeat While Sleeping on Pillow, and Why It May Put Something Wrong in Your Ears
Cancer Research UK estimates that up to 14 per cent of people with skin cancer in the UK have never smoked
India has opened its very first biobank in Chennai to transform the demand and supply chain
Make India the first ever Cancer BioBank.
Congo s Notable Outbreak That Infected 143 Is Serious Malaria, Authorities Say
Man Died of Lung Cancer
Does Modern Life Force Us to Look for New Ways of Life?
First Louisiana Patient to Have Severe H5N1 Flu in the U.S.
How to Protect Skin with Psoriasis from Skin Infections in Winter
Dangerous Drugs Cause Serious Injury  Just 6 hours of sleep a night takes its toll on your body
Is Your Diabetes and Allergies Getting Worse?
With billions of patients in Uganda with a mysterious spider disease that leaves cancer patients unable to breathe
Cold water and sohejw 2024 the most popular white tea
Bath Mistakes That Can Damage Your Skin
Should You Buy Dental Implants at Low Cost?
A window that transforms isolation into urgent care, early detection of disease, and international cooperation
Why Do Kidney Stones Fall Out During Spring?
In a rare move to tackle one of the biggest bottlenecks in the Indian economy, India has opened its very first biobank in Chennai
5 warning signs of heart attack that appear in your eyes before a month
A Teenager Who Heard a Miraculous Ring in Her Ear Was Diagnosed With a Cancer of the Brain
A High Omega - 3 Diet May Be Key to Reducing the Risk of Diabetes
Leg Injuries Increase With Age  A Bone - Surgery Specialist Discusses Possible Treatments
Gastric incontinence causes painful bowel movements
According to one estimate, there are at least 10 million smokers and 13.6 million smokers to be infected with measles, some of the highest rates in the world
A merry Christmas turned into a curse, as an allergic disease nearly claimed the life of a dentist
Lifestyle Changes to Improve Childbearing Opportunity
This recent study has shed light on the prevalence of foot - and mouth disease in India
According to estimates of the International Diabetes Federation, about 134 million Indians will have diabetes by 2045
All You Need to Know About Skin Polyp Diagnosis and Sinus Treatment
 Can Stones in the Skin Lead to Cancer?   A Wise Scientist Disclosed
Your favourite foods are killing you by the minute
Does the use of ghee in mouthwash cause allergy in children?
Secretive Pests That Hide in Your Ears and How to Protect Them
Bengaluru Sees Increase in Streets Affected by Flu, Airborne Diseases
Are You Following  Clear Signs That Lead to Salvation  in Your Life?
Why Does Exercise Hurt Asthma Symptoms and How Can You Fight Back?
Spring is the coldest season for chickens
Public health experts in the UK have expressed deep concern following a sharp increase in alcohol - related deaths, which has escalated to a catastrophic level
According to the Alcohol Health Alliance, alcohol - related deaths have increased by 42 per cent since 2019
What Happens to Our Bodies When We Do Not Drink Water During Winter?
According to AHA estimates, up to 9,000 people have lost their lives due to COVID - 19 by 2023, and the impact is very serious
How the vaccine triggers the risk of blood
Decades at Risk!  New Study Suggests Paracetamol May Cause Heart and Kidney Injuries
What kind of skin cancer is Randy Moss who plays in the American Football League fighting against?
THIS  A Meal That Can Help Fight Major Anxiety and Depression  in Just Two Weeks.
Daily Steps to Improve Your Kidney Health
Indian Men Are at Risk of 5th Most Common Cancer
India First! Cancer has been removed from jointed kidneys with the help of robotic surgery
Plantation of Narcotic Drugs in Kanpurs Rare Areas Causing Lung Disease and Diabetes in Residents
Does Vicks VapoRub cleanse mouthwash?
What exactly is U2 singer Larry Mullen Jr. Fighting Against?
Can Reiki help to alleviate the pain of cancer - like illness?
A Mother Shares Two Secret Documents That Her 7 - Year - Old Son Has Diabetes
 True faith can be three - sided,  says the report
Surveying the Living Heart through the Green Streets of New Delhi, 20 Km In 27 Minutes
The first most delicious food is not rice
The 5 cancer drugs that should be on your radar by 2025
Study suggests that cattle may be carriers of Bird Flu
This Is One of the Smallest But Most Important Blood Tests
How Digital Devices Are Affecting Your Health, Increasing Serious Cancer?
Your loved ones are often the first ones to notice changes in your personality
What Is Spondylosthesis, a Serious Cancer of the Spinal Cord  Does Luigi Mangione Have It?
Why did Pilate forbid  virgin births for boys and girls with leprosy ?
Hormone imbalances and anxiety related stress can lead to irritable bowel syndrome and irritable bowel syndrome ( IBS )
The wise advise coping with anxiety, taking high - fiber diets, and consulting a doctor for possible symptoms
Aligarh Girl Receives Haircut at Central Hospital After Being Raped in Serious Case
Could Your Dental Hygienist Be Harmful to Your Health in Ways Unknown to You?
What Kinds of Diabetes Does Hina Khan Have While Being Treated for Diabetes?
Doctors of AIIMS Delhi recovered a healthy weight of 9. 2 kg after undergoing surgery for stage 4 stage 10 stomach cancer
Early Signs of Cancer  Not Cancer or Diabetes
California Bird Flu Disease Related to the type of disease seen in livestock
Practical Tips for Preventing Blood Loss During Pregnancy
4  Breast Cancer Survivor Names Six Signs He Would Not Want to Miss Too Soon
What Is the Greek  Translated Septuagint,  and How Does Its Existence Affect Spirituality?
Are We Taking Adequate Action to Protect Women and Girls Armed with Weapons from the Hidden Dangers of Drugs?
It is defined as the development of thick, scaly skin, inability to shed tears, or loss of tear production
Could Vitamin D be the key to  a pleasant old age ?
Baby Fights for Life at Jaipur Hospital After Receiving AB+ Blood Test at O+ Level
Number of Youths with COVID - 19 Vaccine and Drugs, Shri Ka Koit Ka Khiah said
Jamie Foxx Reveals He Had Blood Clot From His Throat and Stroke in 2023
Is Your Teenagers Screen Age Affecting  Text Neck?
Dengue Disease Outbreaks Throughout the Americas, Near Three Centuries Ago
Hidden early symptoms of one of the worlds most devastating human diseases
Cancer  No Risk  of a woman turns into cancer that kills within two years
Thai Singer  Death After Massage  Reminder of How Tragic It Can Be
Which brain tumour was Brazilian President Lula diagnosed with?
Accident Factors That May Affect Your Car Insurance; Simple Questions for Drivers
Indias Myopia Crisis  Act Now to Save Our Childrens Eyes
Can a yeast infection also cause serious stomach ulcers?
Vitamin D does not help to increase appetite nor increase physical strength
A Mysterious Disease, Dubbed Virus X, Spreads Across Congo  as WHO Could Not Identify Initially
Doctor Suggests Getting ANY EXCELLENT Dental Implant That Can Transform Your Skin Into a Tumor
Lung cancer among 9/11 relief workers in New York skyrocketed
Are your chickens healthy enough? EPA bans two cancer drugs
New Study Reveals How Fruits and Vegetables Protect You From Breast Cancer
Can a high - fiber diet protect against bone cancer?  A new study says no!
Can Moringa supplements give you acne free skin
Is stomach cancer more serious than just cancer?
Is Cancer Treatment a Lost Legacy with Good Cancer Outcomes?
What an announcement! Why the Ten who have been infected with leprosy should pay close attention to this disease
Why Long - Term Living May Include Cancer?
Marine with rare liver disease diagnosed with cancer of the second cervix
The FDA may even ban man - made wheat from beverages, candies and certain foods
Common summer injuries and easy steps to avoid
How long does it take to recover from kidney disease
Certain diseases and diseases can also cause this disease
Interesting Suggestions for Keeping Childrens Eyes on the Prize
Shalini Passi says OCD is an opportunity to fight back
Lifestyle, temperament, and skin disease
What Kawasaki, Rare Disease Has Affected Munawar Faruquis Son?
What Is Pneumonia, a Disease of the Lung That Has Been Diagnosed?
Why Do So Many Heart Attacks Occur in the Emergency Room?
Measles cases are on the rise across the US
What is gum disease and why is it so difficult to treat?
How new treatments for liver and kidney disease are changing lives
Which fatty foods in your diet can improve the function of the skin?
How to Identify and Overcome GERD
Dr. Sehrawat recommends consulting a doctor for unusual and sudden changes in abdominal quality
How Does Cancer Affect Your Eyes?
AIIMS Delhi, is in the process of developing a low cost treatment using CAR - T cell therapy antibodies for multiple myeloma which is a blood cancer
Is your child allergic? The CDC warns that splash pads can cause waterborne illness
By targeting B - cell maturation antigen ( BCMA), this new drug aims to make more advanced cancer drugs cheaper in India
Bird Flu, USDA launched a nationwide test of raw milk
Doctors at AIIMS, Delhi, are working on a novel treatment involving antibody - based adaptive cellular therapy for the treatment of multiple myeloma, a type of blood cancer
A study conducted by AIIMS uses BCMA as a benchmark to identify and isolate various types of skin cancer cells
Mexicos Outbreak, Vaccinated IV Drugs Take 13 Childrens Lives
Are Mushrooms Good Foods That You Need?
A Cervical Disease Affecting Millions
Worlds First Breast Cancer Test Promises Long - Term Treatment
Silent Disease, How Our Inexplicable Circumstances Affect the Need for Higher Education
Why Did the UK Put Dohkha and Crumpets Under the New Window?
A Heart Attack Is Not All About the Heart
Know which junk foods to remove from your list
Do you ever have panic attacks, painful pains in the bones?
What Is a Skin Change, a Changing of Attitude for Which a Brazilian Model Is Preparing to Make Millions?
Good news, Dark Chocolate may be chasing this silent killer
Outbreak exceeds 300 mark, killing 79 in Congo
Can Diet and Nutrition Improve Male Breast Cancer Significantly?
Bryan Johnson Carries Free Bags on a Historic Tour
Recycling of milk for recovery after stroke and milk lesion
While still in experimental stage, the technique has yielded excellent results in animal models
Unable to Sleep  May Have Been Caused by Anxiety  But Liver Disease Is Not Life - Threatening
California's Raw Milk Exchange Collapses After Tests Find More Bird Flu Cases
Avian Influenza H5N1 New Flu Zafriang Kham Soon To Be Identified
Secret clues you may need for male fertility test ASAP!
Are Adaptogens a Signal to Improve Immune System and Improve Health?
Is Your Heart Playing a Trick on You?  Here Are Some Life - Changing Surgeries for Untreated Heart Disease
61 - Year - Old's Struggle With Serious Cancer Concluded At Mumbai Hospital
 Lover of Morning Coffee ?
According to the National Cancer Registry, India will have 14,61,427 new cases of cancer by 2022
A FAMOUS Christmas dessert has been linked to the deadly Listeria virus
A deadly pandemic has broken out in northeastern Congo
Experts accuse Navjot Singh Sidhu on allegation that his wife recovered from stage 4 with a well prepared meal
Air temperature in Delhi dropped to Severe again
104 years old ice rink in Shimla opened for this purpose
Cyclists explore the Leh Basin by following winding roads and difficult mountain routes
Indira Gandhi International Airport in Delhi connects 150 destinations worldwide
Wealthy birds return to Sultanpur National Park after 10 years
Uttarakhand intends to launch international ferry service at Tehri port to promote tourism
Ram Temple of Ayodhya won the coveted Sword of Honour for Excellence in Defence
The backwaters of Rajasthan become a popular summer destination for domestic and international tourists
Sikkim International Airport's new police force prevents potentially dangerous travellers from India
Vietnam offers tourist resorts and international travel for tourists from India
Bhutans coral reefs continue to attract coral - minded international tourists
The dried pools of Ladakh offer special winter visits for tourists
Village tours of Kerala provide tourists with real - life experiences in the countryside
Goa is developing tourist routes to exploit its Portuguese coast attraction
Andaman birdwatching routes appeal to birdwatchers seeking peaceful outings
Sports activities in Nagaland involve sports activities to attract sports enthusiasts
Sri Lankas coastal railways are costing Indian families expensive travel expenses
Kazakhstan opens new hiking trails for international tourists
Vietnam's spa resorts are emerging as preferred holiday destinations for tourists from India
Campgrounds in the hills of Uttarakhand offer guided visits of warm hospitality
Annual Ice Stupa of Ladakh attracts tourists and artists related to ice
Kerala showcases international talent for backwater fishing
Goa introduces new rural development schemes to cater mainly to its special needs villages
Vietnam urges Indian Foreign Ministers to enhance cooperation in International Trade
Sri Lankas hill country attracts tourists from India and abroad
Kazakhstan cooperates with shipping companies to provide cheap shipping to Indian tourists
Rajasthans popular tourist attractions attract tourists seeking visits to the royal palace
Sikkim Wildlife Tours enjoy a high reputation amongst Indian butterfly and wildlife lovers
Nepal hosts World Cup tournaments for sports enthusiasts from India
Bhutan attracts an increasing number of tourists seeking tourist resorts and religious sites
Kerala introduces eco - lodges to attract international tourists who are keen to take a leisure tour
Andaman tribe holds assembly to stop diamond drilling project under water
Nagaland tribal tamasa celebrates Thai culture and welcomes foreign tourists
Ladakh Wildlife Tours are gaining popularity among domestic and international tourists
Vietnams international tourism industry sells canned food to tourists from India who are looking for spicy delicacies
A group of tourists from India looking for Tamil college students
Kazakhstans ancient Silk Road sites receive support from Indian history enthusiasts
Goa's sanitation schemes are attracting international tourists seeking clean holiday accommodation
Rajasthan hosts International Tourism and Tourism Promotions
Kerala launches international competitions to boost its high quality food products
They feel that Andaman Islands are getting sunny as the best travel destinations
Vietnam opens river cruises for Indian tourists seeking deep sea cruises in Thailand
Nagaland Special Police Force gains recognition among the fans for its world record breakaway tour
Bhutan's tourist hotspots attract tourists from India in search of relaxation and tranquility
Sri Lankas ports attract cheap tourists and tourists from India
The highways of Sikkim witness the emergence of freedom of choice among the youth of India
Kazakhstan has signed free trade agreements to attract Indian and international tourists
Rajasthan hotels continue to be the preferred choice for weddings and special occasions
Vietnam highlighted in trade visits and network connectivity for tourists from India
Kerala botanical gardens attract international tourists who are eager to have meetings at the national level
Goa enables tamasa descendants to revive tourism in the country
Nepal recognises Lumbini as a sacred place of pilgrimage for Indian Buddhists
Dry river cruises of Ladakh are gaining popularity among tourists around the world
Sri Lankas coral - related national parks attract tourists who can easily make a stopover from India and abroad
Nagaland launched an international project to study the findings of the Indian Ocean
Andaman Islands offer whale watching tours to attract wildlife enthusiasts
Vietnam's tourist hotspots ranked as must - visit destinations for tourists from India
Kazakhstans winter tourist attractions attract Indian tourists and snow lovers
Hot springs of Rajasthan receives International Certificate of Environmental Quality 
Kerala hotspots attract solo travellers looking for relaxing accommodation
Sri Lanka offers excellent accommodation to curious tourists from India
Goa makes tamasa phlim attractive for tourists interested in tourism
Wildlife Sanctuaries of Nagaland are gaining popularity amongst coral lovers around the world
World cruises by cheap cruise liners across the Andaman Sea attract tourists seeking exciting adventures at sea
Vietnam launches tourist attractions for history - enthusiastic tourists from India
Nepals mountain resorts attract trekkers seeking Himalayan trekking routes
Put Kazakhstan among the successor countries of the Silk Road to replicate Indias global enterprise
Visa - free travel to Russia for international tourists from India could be launched by 2025
Sunburn Goa 2024 will be from 28 - 30 December 2024
Visitors tour Jaipurs collection of rare objects, paintings, and handicrafts
Bird watchers see flamingos flooding into the Gujarat backwaters during their annual migration season
Elliott Ferguson joins Brand USA board as Chairman for 2025
Tourists witness Varkala's rugged hillsides overlooking remote beaches and scenic resorts
Garuda Indonesia selects faster routes to operate its buses from Sabre
Malaysia has crossed 1 million international tourists from India in 11 months with a growth of 71.7%
Tiger lovers head to the Kudremukh forests full of wild animals and amazing views of the forests
Taiwan Tourism appoints Paul shih as Director for Singapore office
World tourists visit Lucknows landmarks featuring Nawabi architecture and a rich harbour
Tourists are always on the lookout for beautiful temples that showcase Indias fascinating artistic heritage
UAEs toughest restrictions affecting travel from India amid visa waiver
Arunachal Pradesh tops the list of amazing tourist destinations
Goa continues to emerge as a highly sought after tourist destination
Manali, Mussoori and Shimla witness a second increase in tourist visits
New Indian Railways to launch Heritage Tourism
International tourist arrivals up to 30% felt Andaman Islands
Kerala rivers have been named among the top 10 coldest places in the world
Uttarakhand plans to develop tourist and mountaineering hot spots
Madhya Pradesh witnessed an increase in visits to wildlife sanctuaries this year
Bali community releases special packages to welcome tourists and relatives from India
Thailand suspends issuance of visa to foreigners from India for this holiday
Vietnam is becoming a favourite destination for tourists from India considering mango tea
Manali has received the highest number of international tourists during heavy rainfall this year
The coral welcomes trekkers with Himalayan hiking trails offering spectacular views
Sikkim prepares for summer tourism by improving infrastructure and facilities
Sri Lanka opens visa - free entry for tourists from India to undertake international tourism
Indias historical sites are recognised by UNESCO as World Heritage Sites
Sri Lanka offers excellent facilities to attract curious tourists from India  Deccan Herald
Goa makes tamasa phlim attractive for tourists interested in tourism
Wildlife Sanctuaries of Nagaland are gaining popularity amongst coral lovers around the world
World cruises by cheap cruise liners across the Andaman Sea attract tourists seeking exciting adventures at sea
Tourists are attracted by the picturesque colony of Rajasthan featured in the famous palaces and forts
Sea travelers relax under Goas sun while sipping seafood and soft drinks
Tourist attract gardens to Darjeeling offering unique views and scenic views of the hills
Pilgrims visit temples in Tamil Nadu to seek spiritual blessings and peace of mind
Tourists explore Andamans coral reefs featuring marine life and underwater wonders
Historical List of Hindu Temples of Tamil Nadu is a Historical and Architectural Guide
Monks chanting prayers inside temples in Ladakh surrounded by snowcapped Himalayan peaks
Tourists walk through Meghalaya Wildlife Sanctuaries situated in lush green areas
Tourists take in Mumbais vibrant nightlife and expensive food
Tourists stroll through Delhis historic sites simultaneously celebrating the architecture and the vibrancy of contemporary music
World famous activities in Rishikesh are white water rafting, bungee jumping and various leisure activities waiting
The valley of Kashmir is a delight to the pearl lovers offering exotic sights and scenery
Hikers climb Sikkims snow - covered roads surrounded by pine trees and snow - covered hills
Visitors marvel at the palaces of Jaipur showcasing the royal history of Rajasthan and colonial architecture
The Darjeeling Botanical Gardens Tour is a unique international tour
Traders visit Hyderabad market offering Deccan gems, spices and traditional foods
The magnificence of the ruins of Hampi is a testament to the greatness of the Vijayanagara empire
Devotees gathered in the forests of Varanasi to witness river rituals and prayers
A guided tour of the beach resorts in Pondicherry is a joint venture of the near sea coaches
The special attractions of Meghalaya are its rivers, creeks, and living fossils lying in wait
Coorgs rich coffee plantations nestled amidst lush green hills are being exploited by artists
Lokki jor enjoy the view of the Udaipur lake surrounded by palaces and beautiful gardens
Hyderabad tourist places to visit are Charminar, Golconda fort etc
Sports enthusiasts flock to Chennai sports grounds featuring classical music and sports
Visitors enjoy the atmosphere of the Khnai Nagaland which reflects the colour and heritage of the Naga tribes
Travelers crisscross the valleys of Bhutan to find temples perched high in the Himalayan mountains
World tourists admire the endless beauty of the Taj Mahal beautifully reflected in Agras sunshine
Tourists explore the construction of Shimla at a time when it is surrounded by pine forests and mountain air
The unique sights of Gangtok along with its peaceful Buddhist temples attract tourists
History buffs marvel at Mahabalipurams architecture reflecting Indias rich traditions
Artists find inspiration in Kolkatas streets packed with art, literature, and history
Patan Village Unveils Gujarat's Treasures of Construction and Tourism
The experts are searching for Bangalore's new college which integrates modernity and culture of Karnataka
The Vizag coast is sought after by sea travellers for its picturesque beaches and rich maritime history
Sailors navigate the Alleppey rivers which provide safe passage through the turquoise waters of Kerala
The Districts of Himachal Pradesh are Kullu, Manali and outside
The Odisha Railway Museum is a gateway to the artistic treasures of muluk trains
Visitors witness the citys launch of the Auroville initiative that provides education in sustainable lifestyles
World tourists visit Mysore Palace which was illuminated during Dussehra with royal grandeur and beauty
Worshippers visit Puri temple to appreciate traditional and traditional arts of Odisha
An in - depth study of the architectural marvels of Fatehpur Sikri is a fascinating insight into Mughal history
World tourists cruise the rivers of Rishikesh enjoying unparalleled happiness and peace of mind
Tourists take a dip in the holy pool of Pushkar during the world famous camel race
Mysore college are palaces, tamasa Dussehra, and silk sarees
Hikers climb the Lonavala hills taking in the rains rays and the fresh air
Wildlife enthusiasts explore the Gir forest by watching Gujarat Asian black lions roaming free
Families enjoy the Shillong streams surrounded by lush green forests and lush vegetation
Tourists admire the white - colored streets of Jodhpur that shimmer in the bright sun of the Rajasthan jungle
Exploring the ancient ruins of the Golconda fort is a glimpse into the lost history of Hyderabad
Tourists stroll through the ruins of Hampi to rediscover Karnatakas historic town with historical attractions
Tourists visit the Golden Temple of Amritsar for spiritual comfort and wholesome meals
Pilgrims congregate at Madurai Temple to pay homage to famous architect and artist Meenakshi
Tourists relax on Dius beaches by exploring Portuguese forts and wharf attractions
History lovers come across the Ajanta caves with their deep walls and ancient Indian artifacts
Tourists relax at Kanyakumari by witnessing the sunrise over Indias southernmost sea crossing
we must not bury tamasa kolshor in Tamil Nadu
Himachals international airports are a tourists paradise
Tourists cruise through the lush jungles of the Sundarbans encountering Bengal tigers and fascinating wildlife
Wildlife Sanctuaries in Karnataka : top wildlife sanctuaries for coral enthusiasts
you can get a feel for the boat by searching the back waters of Alleppey
Kodaikanals wide open spaces adorned with ponds, rivers, and lush forests are popular with tourists
Worshippers ascend to the hills of Tirupati to seek blessings at the famous Balaji temple in Andhra Pradesh
A visit to the sacred temples of Varanasi is a spiritual journey
Hill resorts in Uttarakhand are popular holiday destinations for tourists
Families stroll through Ootys botanical gardens surrounded by beautiful flowers and landscaped gardens
Traders take advantage of Alleppeys houseboats plying the backwaters of Kerala
A trip through the gardens of Darjeeling is a pleasure
Hikers conquer the Zanskar trails offering snow - covered mountains and pure Himalayan forests
Tourists meditate at Bodh Gayas Mahabodhi temple under the Bodhi hdai tree
A tour of the French Reserves in Pondicherry is a joint venture of the Colleges
The meeting in the forest of Jaisalmer was an unforgettable experience.
The visit to Rameswaram is a spiritual retreat.
Tourists explore the Cherrapunji caves surrounded by flowing rivers and underground wonders.
The beauty of Munnar is the beauty of a carpenter.
The special requirement for tourist towns of Odisha is the availability of coach.
The black spots of Meghalaya are the spots of the pearl.
Explorers have visited the rain forest of the Orient, the resting place of the monarch butterflies and the mysterious secrets of the solar eclipse.
Visitors stroll along the streets of Khla Araku admiring the lush green gardens and the wealth of the Colosseum of Nations.
A trip through the Coorg coffee plantations is a pleasant experience.
Visitors stroll along the streets of Khla Araku admiring the lush green gardens and the wealth of the Colosseum of Nations.
The tourists take a leisurely stroll along the Mumbai waterfront with local amenities.
Tourists travel through the Tawang hills to explore the remote temples and attractions of Arunachal Pradesh.
The Buddhist pilgrimage of Ladakh is a spiritual journey.
Families love the hill station of Mount Abu which offers ponds, temples, and bathing areas.
An exploratory tour of the salt marshes of the Rann of Kutch is a tropical jungle experience.
Madurai Hindu Village is the centrepiece of the college.
the Jim Corbett National Park Wildlife tour is very interesting and interesting
Its calm beaches make Andaman and Nicobar feel like a tropical paradise.
The Silk Road in Sikkim is a popular tourist destination.
The magnificent Temples of Bhubaneswar are a spiritual Odyssey.
A trip to the malls of Chennai is a college adventure.
Travelers pass through Spiti wilderness to explore the Tibetan plateau amidst scenic and wondrous landscapes. Dandeli forests are visited by tourists with suggestions of river routes and wildlife trails
Pilgrims visit the temple of Lord Rameswaram to seek Gods special blessings on the holy coast of Tamil Nadu.
Travellers cruise along the banks of the Teesta River admiring the fast flowing rivers and the majestic beauty of the coral of Sikkim.
The tourists rest on the pristine Gokarna beaches which offer peace of mind and cleanliness of mind.
Mahabaleshwars viewpoints of lush green valleys and rolling hills are popular with tourists
Wildlife enthusiasts also photograph Kaziranga cattle grazing peacefully in the protected wilderness areas of Assam
Tourist visits Dandeli forests with guided walking tour along rivers and wildlife trails
World tourists visit Dargah of Ajmer to seek blessings at famous Sufi pilgrimage place of Rajasthan
The rugged Himalayan mountains provide excellent hiking routes for tourists
Families vacation in the picturesque town of Lachen, which is surrounded by the snow - covered hills of Sikkim.
A trip through the desert towns of Rajasthan is a miracle of speed and simplicity.
The holy shrines of Varanasi are a marvelous find.
Cyclists ride through the narrow streets of Munnar through open fields to the windswept hills.
World tourists visit historical buildings of Agra after Taj Mahal.
The Bharatpur Wildlife Sanctuary attracts bird watchers to observe migratory birds between habitats.
The hidden Wahduids of Chhattisgarh dream with the untouched beauty of the Virgin Mary.
Khajurahos temples featuring Indian classical music fascinate tourists.
Travelers spend long hours cruising the waters of Lakshadweep encountering mountains and sea creatures.
The sprawling bazaars of Jaipur are a tourist's paradise.
The famous Tamasa of Gujarat emphasize the importance of health and fitness.
Travelers enjoy sailing in the Nainital Gulf amid the rugged Himalayan foothills and clear skies.
The Hindu Temples tour of Tamil Nadu is a private tour.
The unique nature of the Lakshadweep river islands is a world class tourist destination.
World tourists are amazed by the magnificence of the Charminar which showcases the architectural wisdom of Hyderabad.
Pilgrims flock to Srisailam Temple to seek blessings among the Andhra community.
The Nagarjuna Sagar Dam is visited by tourists with its rich history and spectacular water features.
Traders are keen to shop for bangles and traditional instruments near Charminar.
The trekkers passed through the lush orchards of the Araku Valley surrounded by lush green hills.
Tourist visits to Golconda Fort showcase Hyderabad history in black and white with hidden monuments.
Worshippers gathered at Yadadri Temple to celebrate the spiritual and cultural heritage of Telangana.
Tourists enjoy the scenic views of the Horsley Hills and the serene nature of the hill station.
The Kuntala River is visited by honeymooners with great enthusiasm which is the longest river in Telangana.
World tourists tour Hyderabad Palace to witness the richness and history of Nizam period.
Cyclists tour Hyderabads famous Necklace Street enjoying peaceful afternoon strolls and spectacular sunrises.
Livestock hunters follow wild animals in Kawal Wildlife Sanctuary among the lush tropical forests of Telangana.
Families roam around Ramoji  without fail  carrying blankets and blankets.
The tourists are impressed by the harmonious architecture of Birla Mandir which blends modernity with spirituality.
Tourists visit Warangal Fort to discover the ruins of the ancient Kakatiya Kingdom of Telangana.
Tourists are fascinated by the Salar Jung Library in Hyderabad which houses a collection of rare collections of world art.
The tourists take advantage of the beauty of the Anantagiri hill located between the coffee plantations and the forests.
Tourists enjoy the tranquility of Hussain Sagar within the citys famous Buddhist temple.
The bird sanctuaries of Kolleru valley are popular with tourists because of their abundance of bird species that come to the town in abundance.
The tourists visit Bhongir Fort by climbing the white walls and enjoy the natural beauty of Telangana.
Pilgrims gather together at Chilkur Balaji Temple to seek blessings through spiritual rituals.
World tourists take pictures of Kakatiya Kala Thoranam which symbolizes the endless art of Telangana
Tourists explore Pocharam Wildlife Sanctuary by sighting wildlife amongst the pristine coral reef of Telangana
Families relax at Hyderabad Cheruvu Temple enjoying unique views of the pond and sports
Visitors marvel at the magnificent Medak Cathedral that combines Gothic architecture with historical significance
Wildlife traffickers smuggle Deccan Plateau animals through various jungle areas
Hikers explore the Vikarabad ranges by finding peaceful resting places between the four corners of the park
Tourists contemplate at the Caesaragutta Temple amid tranquil scenery and sacred history
World tourists rush through Hyderabads picturesque streets eagerly shopping and dining on the streets
Visitors marvel at Hyderabad Buddha statue beautifully resting on Hussain Sagar pond
Tourists visit Golkonda tombs to seek the ancient history of the city and Mughal influence
Families enjoy Hyderabads Tank Bund with its gardens, pools, and waterfront parks
Cyclists ride on Hyderabad's outer ring road by crossing long narrow paths full of traffic jams
World tourists visit Hyderabads Shamirpet waterfall for fresh water and four coral reefs
Photographers capture sunny Hyderabad skyline showcasing heritage buildings
Tourists explore Karimnagar temples discovering the spiritual heart and rich cultural heritage of Telangana
Tourists stroll through the forests of Eturnagaram admiring the beauty of the untouched coral reef and the fascinating wildlife scenery
Pilgrims visit Tempi Vemulawada to seek spiritual blessings and peaceful spiritual experiences
Travelers cruise along the Godavari River admiring the clear waters and rugged landscapes of the Deccan
Visitors admire Hyderabad Royal Palace which showcases the wealth and splendour of Nizam era
Families visit Hyderabads Nehru Zoo by walking through various wild animal species
World tourists are impressed by Hyderabads famous Haleem which emphasizes the traditional nature of food during festive season
Wildlife lovers visit Pakhal beach to enjoy the peaceful surroundings and bird watching of migratory birds
Tourists are attracted by the colorful Gandikota River and the Indian River basin with its natural wonders
Archaeologists visit Jain sites of Telangana in search of sacred hills and centuries - old structures
Pilgrims walk through Hyderabads hot springs displaying the fascinating art of architecture and heritage
Families welcome Lumbini Park's water fountains and green spaces
Trekkers travel through the hills of Papi along the Godavari River in search of untouched coral reefs
Tourist visits Qutb Shahi Tombs in Hyderabad showcasing Indo - Islamic architecture
Beach lovers relax at Hyderabads Osman Sagar Water Pool offering peace and relaxation
Visitors marvel at Telanganas 1000 - foot temple that combines deep sculptures and spirituality
Pilgrims pray at Basar temple seeking wisdom from blessings of Goddess Saraswati
World tourists visit Hyderabads Taramati Baradari with access to royal histories and museum collections
Tourists stroll through the ruins of Telangana  finding fascinating sandy rocks and a vibrant green environment
Tourists visit Devarakonda hills of Telangana and find interesting sights and historical significance
Artists take to Hyderabads famous Char Kaman Road which blends history of art and architecture
Families relax at Shilparamam by collecting musical instruments, handicrafts, and pottery
Visitors visit Bonalu Tamsara which showcases Telangana's rich musical traditions and vibrant community spirit
Tourists explore the Gadwal valley by visiting the famous saree market and the ruins of the ancient fort
Pilgrims visit Bhadrachalam temple to pay homage to special blessings of Lord Rama
Animal lovers visit Pocharam Dam to enjoy the peaceful corridor between the four green spots
Hikers wander through the jungles of Adilabad to discover hidden waterfalls and coral reef walking routes
Families enjoy Hyderabad's tropical climate by swimming in deep rivers and salt marshes
Tourists explore Telangana caves with fascinating natural and historical background
Tourists often meditate at Alampur Navabrahma temples by taking interesting spiritual and architectural excursions
Pilgrims visit Telanganas famous footpaths among the dense jungles
Families enjoy Hyderabads Mir Alam Tank for relaxation at leisure and boat trips
Tourists admire Hyderabads historic Purani Haveli which showcases Mughal architecture
The traditional tamasa shads of Telangana are popular with tourists who use the latest colour and rich craftsmanship
Tourists visit Ramappa lake relaxing amid green vegetation and fresh evergreen water
Cyclists attract tourist attractions of Telangana by combining tourist attractions and scenic routes
Warangals Laknavaram beach, a peaceful place with suspended platforms, attracts tourists
Traffickers capture various wild animals of Telangana in protected forest areas and game reserves
Tourists discover Karimnagars Buddhist temples that blend peace, history, and picturesque surroundings
Pilgrims trekking on Tandur roads of Telangana searching for soft stones and clay
Pilgrims gather at Dharmapuri Temple to cherish Telanganas spiritual and religious heritage
Families enjoy wildlife viewing amid nature reserves and forests
Tourists explore Telanganas historical forts by finding tourist attractions and historical monuments
Mahabubnagar reservoir attracts tourists
Tourists stroll through the forest roads of Telangana enjoying fresh air and peaceful solitude
Tourists marvel at the Nizamabad forts which showcase Deccan architectural wisdom and historical splendour
Tourists visit Siddipet Waterfalls by taking part in various water sports and local activities
Families spend time in Hyderabads Jalavihar by enjoying relaxing sports and water sports
Tourists explore Telangana's traditional handicrafts which include colossus cutting and black tea fingers
Tourists enjoy Hyderabad Iranian Tea which is served in the restaurants and supermarkets of the district
Tourists head to the hills of south Telangana to discover fascinating caves and sanctuaries
Pilgrims approach Rudreshwara Temple admiring the walls surrounded by intricate beams and secure corners
Cyclists enjoy free cycling at Hyderabad's outer ring road and bus stations
Explorers are searching for Telanganas stone temples that blend the beauty of the coral with the history of the colossus
Visitors relax at Hyderabads Taramati Baradari enjoying music, dancing, and entertainment
International tourists visit Delhi Fort reliving Mughal history and culture
Visitors flock to Jaipurs Hawa Mahal in awe of the elaborate architecture and majesty of the palace
Snow lovers hike Hampta Pass of Himachal Pradesh to experience the beauty of the hills
Pilgrims gather together in the forests of Varanasi to taste the spiritual refreshment of the river Ganga
Keralas Kovalam beach attracts tourists enjoying relaxation amid its clear waters and lush forests
Wildlife photographers visit Ranthambore National Park by photographing Bengal tigers in their habitats
World tourists marvel at the Golden Temple of Amritsar featuring unique deity and Sikh religious practices
Tourists frequent the Uttarakhand Flower Garden in search of exotic flowers and hot spots
Families visit Mahabalipuram Beach Temple enjoying the beauty of the beach and sand bars
Travelers navigate the mighty rivers of Rishikesh by burning fascinating fossils amid the remote Himalayan landscapes
Tourists stroll along Keralas Silent Hill taking in lush tropical vegetation and diverse wildlife
Tourists meditate at the Bodh Gaya temple by finding rest under the sacred Buddha tree
Tourist visits Fatehpur Sikri of Agra to explore the mystery of Akbars construction and historical wonders
Cyclists explore the Leh roads by crossing long hiking trails and steep mountain passes
Families enjoy Shimlas nature walk through parklands and pine forests
Tourists stay at Mussoorie enjoying the beauty of the hills and Himalayan scenery
Pearl lovers visit Nainital Bay by boat amid the permanent waters and surrounding mountains
Pilgrims visit Rameswaram Temple, bathing in the divine energy of Tamil Nadus sacred beaches
Tourists stroll through the ruins of Hampi exhibiting the ancient city of Karnataka and its historical monuments
Animal lovers visit Periyar Wildlife Sanctuary to observe wild horses amidst the lush jungles of Kerala
Coorgs coffee plantations surrounded by high mountains and lush valleys are being exploited by artists
Tourists visit Ladakhs Nubra Valley by passing through jungles surrounded by snow - covered hills
Tourists relax on Goas beaches by taking advantage of the seafood, relaxing nightlife, and fresh waters
Tourists visit the temples of Tirupati to discover the rich pottery of Andhra
Families visit the gardens of Darjeeling to learn gardening among the beautiful hills
World tourists visit Meghalayas vibrant art scene combining beauty with natural wonders of coral
Tourists explore the ruins of Pondicherry with an interest in coastal beauty and colonial history
Tourists flock to Sikkims temples to find a Buddhist pilgrimage amid remote hillsides
Tourists visit Arunachal Pradeshs Ziro Valley to admire the colour of the ruins and the natural beauty of the places
Pilgrims visit Puri temple by taking part in interesting Rath Yatra activities
Fishermen explore Chilika Lake of Odisha by observing migratory birds and fresh water
Travellers pass through the Khlaw Zanskar roads by crossing long pedestrian paths and untouched nature trails
Households relax at Dal Lake enjoying snorkeling on houseboats and scenic views of Srinagar
The Ajanta caves attract tourists with their fascination for ancient Indian arts and Buddhist history
World tourists visit the Jaisalmer fort of Rajasthan enjoying the beauty of the jungle and its natural treasures
Pilgrims gather together at Haridwar arts festivals to celebrate traditional rituals of river Ganga
Tourists ascend Munnar Hills enjoying the open plains and cool mountain air
Tourists spend long hours on the Andaman Sea beaches and discover coral reefs and marine life
Families relax in Kodaikanal lake, sailing between windy hills and lush vegetation
The tourists visit the palaces of Udaipur by roasting the royal tea among the lush ponds and gardens
Photographers capture Keralas Athirappilly River amidst lush jungles and pristine nature
World tourist visits Gir forest of Gujarat to observe Asiatic lions roaming in their natural habitat
Tourists stroll along the paths of Lonavala taking in the spectacular views of the rain and sweeping streams
Visitors head to Indias gateway city of Mumbai to learn about maritime history and deep sea life
Hikers cruise along Kedarnath roads encountering scenic hiking trails amidst hilly scenery
The Solang valley of Manali is a resting place for the pearl lovers looking for interesting sights and rainfall spots
Families stroll past the Victoria Memorial in Kolkata admiring colonial architecture and historical monuments
Tourist visits to Chandigarh Botanical Gardens filled with interesting and innovative gardens
Pilgrims ascend to Mount Abu temples to seek tranquility amid the rugged hill country of Rajasthan
International tourists flock through the streets of Jaipur to buy handicrafts, jewellery, and jewellery
Tourists admire Kashmirs Mughal gardens featuring the beauty of flowers and the lush Dal valley
Travellers cruise on the Brahmaputra river encountering gentle rivers and rugged landscapes of Assam
Families enjoy backpacking along the banks of the Lavasa River to experience Indias first major hill station
Tourists visit Maharashtras Ajanta - Ellora caves containing ancient monuments and Buddhist temples
Coral lovers make their way to Malshej Ghat admiring the rolling hills and lush green vegetation of the season
Hikers contemplate Mount Kailash by embarking on the Himalayan Spirit Tours
Hikers trekking in the Dzukou Valley of Nagaland in search of green forests and untouched landscapes
World tourists visit Chittorgarh Fort in Rajasthan to witness Indias rich heritage and culture
Visitors relax at Auroville Matrimandir enjoying peace amidst the wonders of modern architecture
Tourists visit Gujarats Rann of Kutch by taking hot green tomatoes and rice pudding
Families visit Meghalayas Shillong hill taking in the breathtaking views and tranquil atmosphere of the hills
Bird watchers visit a wildlife sanctuary in Maharashtra to view rare birds and plants
Hikers ascend Himachals Kinnaur Valley passing through snow - covered valleys and hills
Tamil Nadus Kanchipuram Temple visited by tourists showcasing silk weaving techniques and spirituality
Tourists stroll through the Royal Fort of Lucknow with fascination of Nawabi architecture and history of the fort
Tourists marvel at the Sanchi Stupa featuring ancient Indian Buddhist statues and relics
Sculptors capture Himachal palace which symbolizes the beauty of cold weather and beautiful hillsides
Families eagerly await the arrival of the  pearl of nations  and  the beauty of the pearl 
Coral lovers visit Arunachal Wildlife Sanctuary to observe rare and endangered species of birds
Varanasis temples illuminating the banks of the Ganga River attract tourists during a popular evening of entertainment
Mahabaleshwars green gardens attract tourists with their fresh fruits and peaceful hillsides
Travelers hike to Kedarnath Temple to seek spiritual blessings amidst the awe - inspiring hillsides
Travelers find Keralas backwaters among coffee plantations and dense forests
Tourists visit Spiti Valley of Himachal in search of remote temples and remote wilderness areas
International tourist stop at Bir Billing overlooking beautiful valleys and hills of Himachal
Coral lovers explore Gujarat National Park with fascinating sea creatures and wildlife
Families enjoy Auli's ski resorts to discover Indias winter wonderland amidst snow - covered hills
Visitors see Jodhpurs red - brick houses glittering against the clear blue sky of Rajasthans jungle
Tourists visit Himachals Khla Kullu enjoying scenic river cruising and backcountry driving
Tourists visit the Varkala hills of Kerala admiring the picturesque views of the sea and the rugged beaches
Tourists contemplate Rishikeshs shrines embracing tranquility on the banks of the Ganga
Travellers head to Arunachals Mechuka Valley to taste the colour of the jungle and the untouched beauty of the Himalayas
Families tour Gujarats Diu district in search of Portuguese ancestors and sun - bathed beaches
Tourists visit the famous Konark Temple of Odisha admiring the intricate carvings and deep caves
Rice lovers visit Kasol Valley of Himachal enjoying peace along river and green forests
Tourists love Mawlynnong in Meghalaya, Asias most sacred city among the sacred coral.
Visitors marvel at the Pushkar Lake of Rajasthan while enjoying a beautiful horse race.
The pearl lovers visit the Kaas hill of Maharashtra, the Pearl of India itself.
Hikers make a point of visiting Kedarnath, by driving through the rugged hill roads of Uttarakhand.
International tourists visit Himachal Dharamshala, discover Tibetan culture and Himalayan traditions.
Families relaxing at Keralas Varkala Lake, which is a combination of rolling hills and rugged coastlines
Tourists visit Pangong Lake in Ladakh, marveling at its winding roads and peaceful surroundings
Wildlife enthusiasts visit Assams Kaziranga Park, spot wildlife lurking amidst lush vegetation
Sculptors capture Amer Fort of Rajasthan, floating under golden sunsets and historical magnificence
Tourists stroll through the Charminar Hills of Hyderabad, getting street food and college supplies
Tourists love Odishas Puri beaches, which blend sacred pilgrimage with beach tourism.
Election Commission's guidelines call for introduction of electronic voting machines globally
It has changed the nature of the case that at the root of the problem is the need to resolve the different issues
The Chief Ministers announcement promises job opportunities for upcoming elections
Prime Ministers emergency relief schemes to assist long - delayed farmers
Local elections are scheduled to be held next year
Governments new police force to prevent illegal immigrants from entering
Member States translate digital information of the Taiwanese police force in order to circumvent restrictions on dissemination of misinformation
Myntri pla tyng tyng stage changes brought about to secure the bill at the time the bill was tabled
Election ballot papers of tnad elekshon begin to show youth participation
Supreme Court ruling on misuse of Election Commission money
The debate will place the place of women in the Lok Sabha among the various committees
Governments bilateral agreements aimed at strengthening trade ties in developing countries
Prime Ministers Development Projects announced for requirements to update standards
State Police emphasise on enforcement of zero - noise norms
Open the electron needle valves to make the electron in case of emergency
Prime Minister of India gives speeches at World Summit
Interesting cases of black - collar crime silently judge the fairness of the situation according to the rule of law
Reduction of Minsters excise duty by an amount equal to the minimum wage of the middle class
Lok Sabha members stand down due to dissatisfaction over price hike
Government  green energy  initiatives aim to reduce carbon emissions across the country
Chief Minister Jylla Water Supply Department announces District Improvement Plan for affected districts
Opposition party's ticket covers the polls amid ongoing nationwide farmers strike
Black - leather court cases seek to resolve controversial police cases
Election Commission re - voting rules on constituencies revealing discrepancies in voter turnout
Chief Minister viz vice governor holds joint press conference with various ministers across the country
Bill amendment bill in Lok Sabha for adoption of revised syllabus
Government investment in digital infrastructure has put a heavy emphasis on reducing the gap in access to technology across the country
Police take over area against signs as injustice to farmers rights
Central Election Commission revises Voter Registration form to check the accuracy of Voter Registration Form
Prime Minister Shri Jylla's health department plans to improve availability of emergency shelters
Careful scrutiny of the Election Commissions timely announcements led to the identification of appropriate electoral procedures
Chief Minister holds Conference on Sustainable Development with visiting world leaders
State aid scheme does not provide adequate incentive to reduce poverty
The black magician weighs the black mango for the paper bag and the cake is thick
Lok Sabha digital mode of governance ensures equal public service
Special consultation with the police officers of the district who are in charge of setting up roadblocks
Shortages in the Special Police of the Opposition emerged at a time when there was a shortage of trained specialists in money laundering
Testing of Election Commission Voting Machines for Improvement of Trust in Electoral System
Governments Low Cost Housing Projects have been initiated for the welfare of rural residents
The Chief Minister reviewed the State Highways to ensure implementation of the project in due course
Water Supply Projects of Myntri Rangbah ka Jylla agree to increase farmers  participation in water supply
State wide police agenda against lockdown due to long lockdown
Judicial Police who are in charge of enforcement are few and far between to check the contents in the library
Speeches in the Lok Sabha on Road Construction to Increase Productivity in the Sector
Government training programmes are beginning to tackle youth unemployment
Electricity price controls are being strengthened for different characteristics of electricity
Police Chief generates renewable electricity talks to boost confidence in underground mines
Jylla Chief Minister's grant is exhausted for reconstruction of affected coastal areas
Opposition parties price oil by demanding government - owned trading schemes
The Centres collateral columns which are mainly bonds for development projects
Establishment of Defence Committee of the Lok Sabha to select Defence Force
Government's poverty reduction programmes aim to cover the most deprived communities
Violations of Election Commission Rules are threatening to ensure fair conduct of elections
Chief Minister moderates inter - district water disputes for balanced rural development
Chief Minister Jylla launches measures to curb gambling
Requests for amendment of Public Health Code of the Opposition during lockdown
The electrolytic boundary currents of the black - headed valley continue between the rivers on the horizon
Contact the internet connections of the Lok Sabha for free online session
Government mang ka sorkar project fund for improvement of rain forest management
Plant Name Registration or National Election Commissions decision to protect from weeds
Changing the Prime Ministers office is difficult to attract foreign investors in the manufacturing sector
Chief Minister approved clean drinking water projects for rural households to get water
The corporate income tax exemption seems to favour the big blue chip companies
 Open Doors of Justice   To Be or Not to Be  Backward Classes   Special Courts   To Guard Against Impotence   Alone
They have encouraged women in the Lok Sabha agreed to increase the number of seats by gender
Government Cyber Police Strengthened to Protect Citizen Data from Attacks
Announcement of elections to come to vote to encourage maximum participation
The Chief Ministers new public transportation schemes simplify the roads and improve traffic flow
Prime Minister Ka Jylla's ancestral sites rehabilitation projects initiated to promote environmental work
The increase in the value of GST is mainly due to the increase in excise duty on non - essential commodities
Special judgments of the Independent Police Investigative Directorate on the issue of over - deprived communities
Talks in Lok Sabha on Telephone Tracing Police to impose restrictions on 5G use
Forest cutting tools of the government are being used for cutting the color of coral
Payments to the staff of Election Commission are billed during Election to Central Board
Prime Ministers anti - smoking measures outlined at State Government meeting
Chief Minister ka jylla improves infrastructure announced for rain forest
The questions of police irregularities during the formation of the Central Election Commission of Tamil Nadu
 Low - Headed Judicial Orders  to Improve Public Standards to Improve Liability
Lok Sabha Development Projects agree to improve access to rural areas
Government - owned overseas development agencies seek to increase capacity to participate in international market
Election Commission's youth orientation workshops provide training to hard working early voters
The distribution of Prime Minister's Cup is increasingly catering to more and more beneficiaries
Chief Ministers School Reorganisation Plans Advertise Quality Education
The inability of the party to adjust the price is indicated by the price of the commodities
The cases of elections in the Central Electoral Commission ( CEN ) are being pressed for disciplinary measures in due course
Allocation of Lok Sabha Budget for preparation of snap elections
State Police to conduct overseas race permitting survey of farmers business routes
More sophisticated electronic components make it possible to prevent electronic leakage
Prime Minister sheds light on climate related issues to set limits on global warming
Chief Ministers digital announcements distributed at Public Health Centres and Health Centres
Changes in the party leadership are affecting the confidence of the electorate
The Central Electoral Commissions guidelines for improving transparency
Discussions on amendments to the Rules of Procedure of the Lower House of the Lok Sabha for amendment of Rules of Procedure
The money of the projects make it impossible for the government colony to maintain the rice mills here
Voting procedures by Election Commission tests for facilitating remote voting
Send the PMs unemployed rural wives questionnaires for advertisement of the same
Small business owners coins are displayed for download in thain
Interest i.e change in marginal tax rate as a percentage of the book value
The scandals undermine the basic rights of the judiciary which mainly focuses on the protection of the citizens
Lok Sabha High Technology Committee urged to come together against climate change impacts
Implementation of Election Commission's new rules to improve financial allocation of Election Commission
Changes in electroluminescence of the black hole are expected to improve electroluminescence efficiency
The Chief Ministers announcement promises roads for the upcoming elections
Jylla Chief Ministers relief agencies begin to reach out to marginalized communities
Opposition parties agree to hold elections jointly
The new police force of the government is being brought in to control the illegal immigrants
Local authorities translate digital content of the Central Government website to combat the spread of misinformation
Myntri pla tyngka lane changes brought to consolidate it in the National Register
Election Commission's Voter Registration Applications are now rolling out Youth Entrance Exam
Supreme Court ruling on misuse of Election Commission money
The debate will place the place of women in the Lok Sabha among various recommendations
Governments bilateral agreements aim to strengthen cooperation between countries
Prime Ministers Development Projects announced for upgradation of Roads
State Police emphasise on control of non - noise pollution
Keep electronic key fobs for electrolytes in case of emergency
The Chief Minister of the State Government addressed the World Health Assembly
The shocking cases of the black - headed judiciary have silenced the issue of justice
The tax exemption of 100 rupees per month is to be paid to the beneficiaries
Suspended Lok Sabha members due to interest rate hike
Government's green energy plans aim to reduce carbon emissions
Advertise the Chief Minister's Water Supply Ladders for the affected districts
Opposition party's election covers the polls amid nationwide protest by farmers
White collar criminal cases involve corrupt police officers
Election cycle re - voting rules in constituencies with absentee ballot
Chief Minister lakshmi kutroi to hold joint press conference with Chief Ministers of various States
Bill amendment bill in Lok Sabha to update the syllabus
Government investment in digital infrastructure places a high priority on reducing the gap in access to technology
Police take side against flags as unfair to farmers
The Central Election Commission is revising the Electoral Roll to check its integrity
Prime Minister Jylla's health council plans to improve sanitation facilities
Close scrutiny of the Election Commissions annual reports leads to confirmation of the agreement
Chief Minister holds discussions on rice with world leaders
State aid scheme does not provide adequate incentive to reduce poverty
The tea potter weighs the tea mangue for the paper bag and the cup is wet
Digital mode of Lok Sabha elections provides for balanced administration
Special case of black - collar police to erect barricades
Opposition political party's corruption figures come up during discussion of cash
Test of voting machines of tnad elekshon to vote on confidence
Government's affordable housing projects initiated for rural residents
The Chief Minister reviewed the pipelines to verify the implementation of the project
Water supply projects of Myntri Rangbah ka Jylla agree to construct a water treatment plant
Police agenda across the state has been suspended due to the increase in traffic
Judicial Police who are in charge of enforcement are few and far between to check the situation
Speeches in the Lok Sabha on Road Construction for Incentivising Trade
Government health promotion programmes are beginning to implement zero noise
Environmental impact assessments in Election are being strengthened for better quality
Police Chief generates renewable electricity talks to boost confidence
Chief Minister Jylla's grant money is being spent on sea island thain
Opposition party candidates price petrol to be added to the government bill
Corner columns of the Central Election Commission for Projects
Establishment of Local Level Committee of Lok Sabha to Strengthen Confidence
Government - funded schemes facilitate deployment of smart cities
Violation of Election Commission Rules threatens to ensure fairness
Chief Minister moderates inter - river water disputes for collection of waste
Chief Minister Jylla launches measures to curb traffic jams
Opposition party changes public policy on emergency calls
The elections boundary lines of the lower house are continuous between constituencies
Contact the internet link of the Lok Sabha for link to the special session
State mang ka sor smat project fund for rain forest
Examination of National Election Commission's Code of Ethics for Prevention of Corruption
Changing the Prime Ministers office is difficult to attract foreign tourists
Chief Minister approves clean drinking water projects for families
Corporate income tax is supposed to benefit small businesses
 Open Court Doors   To Be or Not to Be  Backward Cases   Important to Avoiding Solitary Conflict
Women empowerment Bills in Lok Sabha agreed to increase average
Government Cyber Police Strengthen Data Protection
Announcement to the voters of tnad elekshon to encourage participation
The Prime Ministers public transportation schemes are causing consternation.
Prime Minister Ka Jylla's ancestral sites rehabilitation projects initiated for environmental work
The increase in GST rate is mainly due to the increase in excise duty
Special prosecution of off - duty Police Officers of the Police for conspiracy
Lok Sabha Phone Calls Police to impose lockdown restrictions
Government forest cutting wands are used for rice cultivation
Change of electrolyte count during electrolysis
The Prime Ministers anti - smoking measures are being outlined at the State Council meeting
Chief Minister ka jylla improves infrastructure announces for rain forest
The questions of irregularities of the State Police during lockdown
 Low - Headed Judicial Orders  to Improve Public Standards to Improve Liability
Lok Sabha Interconnection Projects aim to improve accessibility
The out - of - country meeting in Ladchi highlighted the importance of rain for the source of iathied water.
Election Commission's youth awareness sessions provide voter education
The availability of the Prime Minister's Cup is making it increasingly difficult to include the beneficiaries
Senior Minister's School Rehabilitation Plans Announced for Improvement of Library
The inability of the party to adjust price is indicated by the price range of the commodities
Cases of elections in black - leather court are urgently postponed for settlement at a later date
Allocation of Lok Sabha Budget for preparation of snap elections
State Police to conduct rap marathon abroad free download of farmer's book
More sophisticated electronic keyboards provide protection against theft
The Chief Minister has scattered flags over the sky to build a lockdown
Senior Minister's digital announcements leaked on social media
Changes in the party leadership are affecting the confidence of the electorate
High Court Judicial Procedures for Improving Integrity
Discussions on amendments to the Rules of Procedure of the Lower House of the Lok Sabha for revision of Rules of Procedure
The money of the projects interrupts the column of the mang govt to cover the false rumors
Election Commission voting procedures tests remote voting ladder
Distribute uniforms to Prime Ministers unemployed rural women for promotion
Minister Ranjanas small businesses income goes towards getting a book in thain
Increase i.e change in the rate of interest against the balance as a percentage of the loan
The allegations infringe upon the basic rights of the judiciary which are at the core of consideration for defence
Lok Sabha s advanced technology projects aim to combat climate change
Advertise electrolytic pipe to electrolytic trays nationwide
Supreme Court order to investigate alleged voting malpractices
Chief Minister opens new projects to fund rural development
Chief Minister ka jylla opens various schemes aimed at attracting investors
Opposition parties form coalition to contest elections
The government brings in police to prevent illegal immigrants from entering the country
Chamber of Commerce discusses new law to speed up digital signal transmissions
 Witness Plate  gives him  an illustrated leaflet on relaxation and movement   get the book
Election Commission launches Voter Registration Schemes targeting Young Voters
Black - headed district court deals with cases related to recent changes in residents
Lok Sabha approves bill granting place to women in steel works
The government is signing agreements to strengthen ties with neighboring countries
Advertise green projects for renovation of roads at all levels
Opposition parties denounced the governments decision to impose zero - zero age limit on the sale of any book
Electrolyzer uses protective valves to make electrolyzer in case of emergency
The Chief Minister emphasised the importance of trade with neighbouring countries at the World Trade Organisation
Black House deals with issues related to online speech barriers
Myntri pla tyngngngam ïa ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong ka jingpynkhlaiñ bad ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong
Lok Sabha adjourned after heated debate on price of wheat
Government calls for emergency fire brigade measures to counter climate change impact
Chief Minister ka jylla mang pisa for water diversion facilities in affected areas
Opposition parties threaten to blow up newspapers that spread rumours amid nation - wide protests
Black - headed Police Department deals with public interest cases involving recent police cases
Law tnad elekshon to vote again on constituencies revealing voting irregularities
The Chief Minister addressing emergency volunteers along with industry leaders
Lok Sabha debates bill on changing compulsory school curriculum to improve educational standards across the country
Government prioritises investment in digital infrastructure to improve access to technology
Protesters accuse police of taking place unfairly to the affected farmers
Central Election Commission orders update of Electoral Rolls to check voter registration
Chief Minister ma jylla announces emergency measures to improve lockdown facilities
Election Commission conducts reviews of local elections for sequence of elections
Chief Minister holds special talks with overseas friends
Government strengthens supply chains  does not give enough water to the farmer to satisfy the shortage peacefully
Myntri pla tyngka la pynshitom ïa ka mang tyngka ban ïohsngew ïa ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong u, bad ban ïohsngew ïa ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong u, bad ban ïohsngew ïa ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong u, bad ban ïohsngew ïa ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong u, bad ban ïohsngew ïa ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong u, bad ban ïohsngew ïa ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong u, bad ban ïohsngew ïa ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong u, bad ban ïohsngew ïa ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong u, bad ban ïohsngew ïa ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong u, bad ban ïohsngew ïa ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong u, bad ban ïohsngew ïa ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong u, bad ban ïohsngew ïa ka jingpynkhlaiñ
Lok Sabha introduces Digital Governance System for Public Service
Black - headed Kashari punishes traffic police for changing traffic lights
Investigation reveals irregularities of criminal police while discussing money laundering in Taiwanese institutions
Election Commission test of voting machines to check confidence in elections
Government launches low cost housing projects for rural residents
The Chief Minister reviewed the irrigation projects to ensure timely implementation
Chief Minister approves Water Treatment Projects to improve Farmers Water Supply
Opposition parties are marking the national police agenda due to unemployment
Black - headed Kashari advises the police to place minimum security check in the library.
Lok Sabha discusses bill to make roads paved to stimulate industry
Government opens programmes to make soaps to reduce youth unemployment
Electrolyzer improves the efficiency of electrolyzer flow for electricity generation
PM talks to Police generate renewable electricity to boost confidence in underground mines
Chief Minister ka jylla mang a financial contribution for wind farm for reconstruction of coastal areas
Opposition parties to increase fuel price, implying Government will negotiate jointly.
Black - headed Kashari asked the councils to reserve a coin for development projects
The Lok Sabha elects a Central Committee of the Defence Council to draw up a Constitution for the Defence of the Nation
Government strengthens mechanisms including requirement to include more marginalised communities
Election Commission imposes penalties on model candidates to ensure fairness
The Chief Minister settles water disputes between the districts for the purpose of connecting the adjacent reservoirs
Chief Minister Jylla launches measures to help villagers to curb illegal underground mines
The opposite side suggests a change of social behaviour within the boundaries of the disease
The black - headed judiciary maintains elective boundaries amid ethical disputes
Address the Lok Sabha plenary on free online channels to link free online talks
The government is borrowing money for smart city projects involving rural development
Election Commission adjudicates local elections to avoid political parties
The Chief Minister is trying to diversify the industry to attract foreign investors in the manufacturing sector
Chief Minister approves clean drinking water projects for rural households
The opposite side refers to the corporate tax rate which benefits the big blue chip companies
The  black - hat rule  prescribes guidelines to be followed  or  steps backward  to guard against acting independently
Lok Sabha agrees to increase the number of female candidates for the Central and State Electoral Boards
Government strengthens cyber security police to protect citizens information from threats
Election Commission launches voter registration campaign by encouraging maximum participation
The Chief Minister announced plans to upgrade the Public Transport Vehicles for Road Traffic Management
Chief Minister launches multi - sector projects to promote environmental protection
Opposing side opposes the value of GST, saying it is too heavy a burden on low - cost goods
Black - headed Kashari District Police Station for emergency evacuation of overcrowded area
Lok Sabha deliberates on Telecommunication Police imposing restrictions on implementation of 5G
The government is bringing in electricity cutting down the forests in order to reduce the polluted nature of marble
Election Commission takes into account the changes that are taking place during elections to the Central Electoral Commission
The Chief Minister unveiled the smoke detection measures at the Union Cabinet meeting
Chief Minister ka jylla announces the opening of railway station
Opposition party questions over police malpractice during constituent assembly of Central Electoral Commission
Black - headed Kashari has introduced various measures to reduce the burden on the society
Lok Sabha approves various projects to improve access to rural areas
Government requests schemes to reduce overseas traffic to reduce greenhouse gas emissions
Election Commission conducts youth awareness sessions to educate more first time voters
The Chief Minister extended the availability of milk powder to include other beneficiaries
Advertise to the general public the proposed construction of rural reading schools
The opposite side denotes the inability to adjust the price within the prevailing market price range of the sellers
Black - headed judiciary puts special emphasis on judicial elections for long - term corrective measures
Lok Sabha allocates money for emergency cases to prepare for snap elections
Government permits police to rush abroad to collect farmer's paper
Electricians knife brings out the sharper edges to protect against electrolyte leakage
Prime Minister signed  trade and environment  agreements to extend global lockdown
Chief Minister Jylla launches digital advertisements at Public and Private Schools
Opposition side opposes changes in power grid due to climate change and labour shortage concern
Black - headed Kashari discusses various judicial procedures to improve the situation
Lok Sabha discusses amendments to the Rules of Procedure of the Upper House
The government is borrowing money for projects stop the college to protect illegal drugs
Tnad elekshon test i voting methods for remote and achievable voting
The Prime Minister has issued guidelines for rural women empowerment not included in the report
The chief engineer allocates money for small projects to distribute the entire book in thain
The opposite side indicates a tendency to change the rate as the interest rate is falling
Black - headed Kashari deals with violations of basic rights in order to protect the citizens
Lok Sabha approves green technology initiatives to combat climate change.
Chart of new candidates in nav satyagrah baithak Congress president mallikarjun kharge
Bihar State Chief Minister Nitish Kumar cancels Pragati Yatra after dismissal of Manmohan Singh
Former Prime Minister Shri Manmohan Singh passed away at the age of 92
Congress to focus on Forest Improvement by 2025, says Mallikarjun Kharge
Rachna Shah has been appointed as DoPT Secretary, the third Secretary this year
Congress calls for an end to tax evasion, looks for ways to help the poor and needy
BJP to accept Rs 2,244 crore loan amount for 2023 - 24 and Congress Rs 289 crore
Mayawati accuses Congress of disrespectful behaviour towards Ambedkar, accuses capitalist mode of operation
Retrial of Uddhav Thackeray on behalf of Shiv Sena ( UBT ) in Mumbai pending BMC vote.
Sandeep dikshit ulajor at Delhi LG on AAPs Mahila Samman scheme.
Election Commission reports that 86% votes were wasted in the recent Lok Sabha elections.
Black farmers get 63% votes in 2024 Lok Sabha Election.
RJD expresses desire to re - unite with JD(U ) if the relationship with BJP is terminated.
Mallikarjun Kharge threatened to take ground and condemn the allegation that the BJP is promoting fake news.
The BJP denies that the Congress disrespected Ambedkar, demanding huge sums.
Retrial of Uddhav Thackeray on behalf of Shiv Sena ( UBT ) in Mumbai pending BMC vote.
Sandeep dikshit ujor at Delhi LG on AAPs Mahila Samman scheme.
Election Commission reports that 86% votes were wasted in the recent Lok Sabha elections.
Black farmers get 63% votes in 2024 Lok Sabha Election.
RJD expresses desire to re - unite with JD(U ) if the relationship with BJP is terminated.
Mallikarjun Kharge threatened to take ground and condemn the allegation that the BJP is promoting fake news.
The BJP denies that the Congress disrespected Ambedkar, accusing them of corruption.
Retrial of Uddhav Thackeray on behalf of Shiv Sena ( UBT ) in Mumbai after BMC vote.
Sandeep dikshit ujor at Delhi LG on AAPs Mahila Samman scheme.
Election Commission reports 86% of votes were wasted in the recent Lok Sabha elections.
Black farmers get 63% votes in 2024 Lok Sabha Election.
RJD expresses desire to re - unite with JD(U ) if the relationship with BJP is terminated.
Mallikarjun Kharge threatened to take ground and condemn the allegation that the BJP is promoting fake news.
The BJP denies that the Congress disrespected Ambedkar, accusing them of corruption.
Retrial of Uddhav Thackeray on behalf of Shiv Sena ( UBT ) in Mumbai after BMC vote.
Sandeep dikshit ujor at Delhi LG on AAPs Mahila Samman scheme.
Election Commission reports 86% of votes were wasted in the recent Lok Sabha elections.
Black farmers get 63% votes in 2024 Lok Sabha Election.
RJD expresses desire to re - unite with JD(U ) if the relationship with BJP is terminated.
Mallikarjun Kharge threatened to take ground and condemn the allegation that the BJP is promoting fake news.
The BJP denies that the Congress disrespected Ambedkar, accusing them of corruption.
Retrial of Uddhav Thackeray on behalf of Shiv Sena ( UBT ) in Mumbai after BMC vote.
Sandeep dikshit ujor at Delhi LG on AAPs Mahila Samman scheme.
Election Commission reports 86% of votes were wasted in the recent Lok Sabha elections.
Black farmers get 63% votes in 2024 Lok Sabha Election.
RJD expresses desire to re - unite with JD(U ) if the relationship with BJP is terminated.
Mallikarjun Kharge threatened to take ground and condemn the allegation that the BJP is promoting fake news.
The BJP denies that the Congress disrespected Ambedkar, accusing them of corruption.
Retrial of Uddhav Thackeray on behalf of Shiv Sena ( UBT ) in Mumbai after BMC vote.
Ujor Sandeep Dikshit at Delhi LG on AAPs Mahila Samman scheme.
Election Commission reports 86% of votes were wasted in the recent Lok Sabha elections.
Black farmers get 63% votes in 2024 Lok Sabha Election.
RJD expresses desire to re - unite with JD(U ) if the relationship with BJP is terminated.
Mallikarjun Kharge threatened to take ground and condemn the allegation that the BJP is promoting fake news.
The BJP denies that the Congress disrespected Ambedkar, accusing them of corruption.
Retrial of Uddhav Thackeray on behalf of Shiv Sena ( UBT ) in Mumbai after BMC vote.
Ujor Sandeep Dikshit at Delhi LG on AAPs Mahila Samman scheme.
Election Commission reports 86% of votes were wasted in the recent Lok Sabha elections.
Black farmers get 63% votes in 2024 Lok Sabha Election.
RJD expresses desire to re - unite with JD(U ) if the relationship with BJP is terminated.
Mallikarjun Kharge threatened to take ground and condemn the allegation that the BJP is promoting fake news.
The BJP denies that the Congress disrespected Ambedkar, accusing them of corruption.
He urged Uddhav Thackeray on the Shiv Sena ( UBT ) leaders to cast ballots for BMC elections.
The apex court called for speedy redress of grievances over electoral fraud.
Call Delhi Govt to provide subsidy for electric vehicles for widening the gap.
Myntri pla tyngka u la ïohsngew ïa ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong u, bad u la ïohsngew ïa ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong u, bad u la ïohsngew ïa ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong u, bad u la ïohsngew ïa ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong u, bad u la ïohsngew ïa ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong u, bad u la ïohsngew ïa ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong u, bad u la ïohsngew ïa ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong u, bad u la ïohsngew ïa ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong u, bad u la ïohsngew ïa ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong u, bad u la ïohsngew ïa ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong u, bad u la ïohsngew ïa ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong u, bad u la ïohsngew ïa ka jingpynkhlai
The Chief Minister of Rajasthan introduced chickens for providing health care and helping the youth.
Name the BJP among the opposition parties for non - contestation of state elections.
Opposition leaders demanded an investigation into misuse of government funds.
The Chief Minister was addressing special and important functions from various departments.
The election commission takes care of the polling stations that conduct the elections.
The Government is initiating initiatives for improvement of rail safety ladders at all levels.
According to Bihar CM Nitish Kumar the BJP is threatening lockdown.
The  black - collar crime  silenced the call in regard to homosexuals and freedom of speech.
Telangana Govt. is engaging the Police to impart free education to the underprivileged sections of the society.
Opposition parties are contesting the price of petrol amid price hike.
The Supreme Court is seeking a reply from the government on the documents regarding the farmers' strike.
PM Modi emphasised self - confidence in entrepreneurship during his keynote address on the occasion.
Myntri pla tyngngthom ïa ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong u Myntri pla u pynshitom ïa ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong u, bad u pynshitom ïa ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong u, bad u pynshitom ïa ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong u, bad u pynshitom ïa ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong u, bad u pynshitom ïa ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong u, bad u pynshitom ïa ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong u, bad u pynshitom ïa ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong u, bad u pynshitom ïa ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong u, bad u pynshitom ïa ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong u, bad u pynshitom ïa ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong u, bad u pynshitom ïa ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong u, bad u pynshitom ïa ka jingpynkhlaiñ jong u, bad u pynshitom ïa ka jingpynkhlai
The Chief Minister of Maharashtra discussed various development plans with the Chief Electoral Officers.
The Election Commission ensures follow up of elections before voting.
Delhi Govt. pledged to increase support to the socially deprived sections of the society.
An Act of the Supreme Court to take action against unfair competition in the field of electronic games.
The Government of Karnataka is introducing various schemes to promote handicrafts and handloom farming.
Opposition parties urged moderate action on the issue of no emergency.
Prime Minister Modi also announced the opening of new business centres in developing countries.
The Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh convened various meetings to deliberate on the issue of rural development.
The Opposition side pointed out that the BJP is breaking social norms during elections.
The black - headed district court ruled unanimously on land acquisition for development projects.
The government is developing new police forces to deal with the rising number of consumers of renewable electricity.
Rajasthan Govt. Release special promotions for unemployed youth.
Opposition calls for re - introduction of new changes to the syllabus between classes.
The Chief Minister emphasised the importance of digital tools for book distribution.
Call upon the BJP to bless the goodwill of the farmers in the recent changes in the state budget.
The government plans to reduce carbon emissions by adopting electric vehicles.
Opposition parties have lodged a complaint against misappropriation of public funds.
The Supreme Court has heard an appeal against the new rules on gambling.
The Chief Minister of Karnataka has announced new budget proposals for distribution of the book in developing countries.
The Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh has brought kites to stop the flow of water to the flood affected areas.
The protesters demanded transparency in the release of money for rape.
The government has introduced new rules to improve road construction and maintenance in India.
The Election Commission has revealed that overwhelming voter turnout has been registered in the recent general elections.
The Delhi Government has stepped up efforts to combat air pollution during the monsoon months.
Opposition parties have criticised the government for not taking action on the situation of farmers.
The Supreme Court heard a petition on freedom of religion and government support.
