Tummy tuck vs tummy pump : how the appearance of your tummy is detrimental to your health
Kunal Bhal, who inspected Shark Tank India, announces  continuing crisis  due to obesity
A Hyderabadi neurologist said that daily supplementation is not necessary for maintaining good health
Your illness may be due to Genes, but your health depends on it
What did he say Alfia Jafray that hydration for the whole body is a good lesson
How many older people go there in a day?
Paediatrician publishes report on  strange  illness of a 16 year old boy with  stones in his right leg 
Varun Dhawan mentioned that during the shooting of Border 2 movie, he injured his tailbone.
After switching from Metformin to Insulin, in which direction do you feel the urge to kill?
The orthopaedic surgeon told me that one woman had pain in her lower abdomen that she thought might be caused by her period
Sleeping snoring may be due to Vitamin D deficiency
The Doctor said that while there are many  miracles   such as vomiting, mood swings, burning of body fat
According to the expert oncologist team my stomach cancer is progressing like breast cancer
Sugeon said that those who have gallstones are more likely to die from untouched gallstones, than those who already have gallstones.
Makeup artist Namrata Soni said that sinkcare multi - step sinkcare will not work in India
Are vitamin B12 supplements taken with the stomach?
Abhay Deol highlighted the benefits of stem cell therapy for his longstanding sciatica
Gastroenterologist uses a combination of
How food and anti - inflammatory nutrition helped Amir Khan recover from his migraine and how he lost 18kg
My tea has a foul smell these days, it smells like acid. What's the matter?
The opportunity to dress up and be a beacon for the family
The World Health Organisation has issued guidelines to its member countries on how to prevent and contain emerging infectious diseases worldwide
The United States government has increased its federal funding for cancer research through its national health agencies
European Union health ministers agree to enhance contacts with neighbouring countries
Japan plans to take care of elderly people
The United Kingdom has extended its vaccination programme to all those with occupational disabilities
China has invested a lot of money in upgrading its public hospitals to improve the quality of its healthcare services
The World Bank issues financial assistance to developing countries to improve their healthcare systems
The Australian authorities have issued new guidelines for the treatment of mentally ill patients
Germany launches digital health records to improve collaboration between hospitals and primary care providers
Canada wants to reduce waiting times in public hospitals throughout the country
Brazil steps up efforts to improve community healthcare services in its rural areas
The rising antimicrobial resistance is of great concern to the World Health Organisation
France increases its medical research funding to treat rare diseases
South Korea uses aritifical intelligence for early detection of infection
African Union health officials have taken measures to improve regional vaccine production
The United States Food and Drug Administration has approved gene therapy to treat rare genetic disorders
Italy takes measures to reform its public healthcare system
Global health experts spoke at their international health conference on increasing body fat
Spain expands telemedicine services to improve rural healthcare
World Health Organisation highlighted equitable vaccine distribution in global policy briefing
India joins hands with other countries to fight tuberculosis
Mexico recommends new screening programme to inform those who have diabetes.
Japan increases healthcare funding due to staff shortages in hospitals
The United Nations calls for continuous improvement of health system to improve elderly
Sweden wants to reduce the cost of screening through healthcare programmes
Researchers from around the world have published a report on the impact of climate change on global health
The United States Centers for Disease Control and Prevention distinguishes health from travel
Global pharmaceutical companies have increased their investments in vaccine research and development
The World Health Organisation has launched a global campaign to raise awareness about mental health issues
South Africa has taken measures to improve access to public healthcare services for people living with HIV
Argentines take measures to ensure continuity of access to health services for their citizens through their national healthcare services
European Medicines Agency announces the discovery of vaccine for certain diseases
Global health organisations are concerned about the low immunization rate of children
Norway increases public funding for mental health services
United Nations calls for better healthcare in times of crisis
Singapore expands its digital health platform to cater to those with chronic diseases
International health experts recommend avoiding early detection of cancer symptoms
World Health Organisation adopts new guidelines on management of non communicable diseases
New Zealand launched training for healthcare workers to keep them informed about their needs
The United States has changed its policy on treatment of mentally ill patients
Global health leaders highlight the need to strengthen healthcare services during their international summit
Thailand intends to improve its primary healthcare service in order to reduce hospital overcrowding
The International Red Cross has taken steps to strengthen the quality of medical operations in the world
Denmark has taken a nationwide initiative to improve health screening
Global research announces new vaccine resistance findings
Chile has changed the way hospitals are run in order to improve patient care
The World Health Organisation has declared mental health as a global public health priority
International donors have provided funding and healthcare to the affected areas
The Netherlands has extended its services to care for the elderly
Global health agencies pay special attention to people with chronic diseases
One hundred percent of cancer can be prevented and four quarters of it can be prevented
WHO estimates that by 2026 the number of people affected by conflict and displacement will reach one billion
New customs classification for vaccines to strengthen emergency preparedness
The World Health Organization has appealed for around one billion dollars worldwide to support 36 health emergencies by 2026.
Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said that health appeal in 2026 is a strategic investment in defence of the planet rather than charity.
The World Health Organization aims to help 30 million people affected by the current humanitarian crisis by 2026 through emergency funding.
The fund for emergency appeals to the World Health Organization will facilitate setting up of 1,370 mobile clinics across the globe.
Health experts said that Afghanistan and Sudan are the priority areas for emergency response for the fiscal year 2026.
The World Health Organization warns that humanitarian funding worldwide is at its lowest point in a decade.
Medical leaders in Australia and Canada expressed optimism in their 2026 Outlook Survey for the healthcare sector development.
Deloitte's 2026 Health Care Outlook revealed that 80 percent of health executives view their organizations positively.
The Food and Drug Administration has given breakthrough therapy designation to sevabertinib for treatment of HER2 - mutant lung cancer.
Bayer researchers report that sevabertinib has promise as a first - line treatment for metastatic non - small cell lung cancer.
The Food and Drug Administration has granted orphan drug status to CPI - 008 for detecting margin in pancreatic cancer surgery.
Arbele has received orphan drug designation for its investigational antibody - drug conjugates developed for treatment of pancreatic cancer.
Revolution Medicines recommends the antitumor activity of zoldonrasib for KRAS G12D - mutated lung cancer patients.
The Food and Drug Administration approved PARG inhibitor ETX - 19477 for treatment of platinum - resistant ovarian cancer with immediate effect.
Eureka Therapeutics received the regenerative medicine designation for its use of CAR T - cell therapy in targeted liver cancer.
BioNTech and OncoC4 report that gotistobart has significant survival benefits for patients with squamous lung cancer.
The Food and Drug Administration cleared gene therapy KLN - 1010 for clinical trial associated with relapsed multiple myeloma.
According to the WTW Global Medical Trends Survey, global medical inflation is projected to reach 10.3 percent by 2026.
The Asia Pacific region's insurance companies project that the cost of medicines will rise by 14 percent by the end of 2026.
The United Kingdom Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency has taken up the role of chair of the International Access Consortium, which has been very successful.
The health system executives said that their main concern for the 2026 operating year is workforce inequality and productivity.
The World Health Organization estimates that there will be a shortage of 4.5 million nurses worldwide by 2030.
About 40 per cent of general practitioners in the United Kingdom expect to leave the profession within five years.
It is now estimated that about 30 percent of health systems worldwide are using generative AI at scale in their day - to - day operations.
The Medical researchers rehearsed how to replace the heart valve with  digital twins  before performing the actual operation.
Now the GI Genius AI system can reduce missed colon polyps during screening by upto 50 percent.
The Food and Drug Administration has approved renal denervation technology for the treatment of high blood pressure.
Hospitals are adopting zero - trust architecture to safeguard patient data against increasing cybersecurity risks across the globe.
The National Health Service in England is conducting a seven - minute cancer treatment jab to replace the one - hour infusion.
The Cancer Vaccine Launch Pad in the United Kingdom matches patients through personalized mRNA cancer vaccine trial.
Researchers have developed a blood protein test that has accurately detected 18 early cancers in clinical screening.
In Latin America, medical inflation is projected to rise to 11.9 percent by the calendar year 2026.
The World Health Organization has prioritized eradicating lymphatic filariasis in the Americas by 2030.
Scientists at MIT have developed an AI model called Sybil to predict lung cancer risk six years in advance.
The 2026 Health Emergency Appeal aims to provide life - saving vaccines to over 5 million vulnerable children.
Health systems shifted the focus from medication to community - based clinics and home - based treatment in order to reduce the cost of treatment.
The Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency has issued new guidelines for users of mental health apps and technologies.
Public health experts in Bangladesh are investigating a bat - borne virus called Pteropine orthoreovirus in occupational patients.
The Rockefeller Foundation is investigating the human impact of cutting medical funding worldwide in 93 different countries.
Global defence expenditure has reached US$ 2.5 billion per annum, while health emergency funding continues to decline.
The World Health Organization reported that one in six bacterial infections worldwide is now resistant to antibiotics.
A new study in The Lancet estimates that if international aid is cut, this could lead to an additional 22 million deaths by 2030.
Scientists have found that chronic stress damages gut protective lining as Reelin reduces protein levels.
A study of 2 million adults found that cerebral amyloid angiopathy is a major risk factor for dementia.
Researchers in Australia have completed a Phase II trial of a carbohydrate based drug to treat sepsis.
The Pan American Health Organisation is implementing a new surveillance system for detection of mosquito - related diseases.
Public health officials are encouraging the WHO Global Traditional Medicine Centre to conduct evidence - based research.
Cigna Group pointed out that cancer is the leading cause of high medical claim costs for employers worldwide.
The United Nations has integrated mental health services in the primary education system of developing countries.
Medical technologists are developing smart pills which will enable patients to check their dosage by electronic means.
Johnson & Johnson launches VARIPULSE Plus Platform to improve precision in heart rhythm treatment.
NUVISION NAV Ultrasound Catheter has become the first 4D imaging device integrated with 3D cardiac mapping.
Clinical trials are now underway to test whether the epigenetic clock can measure the rate of human biological aging.
Insurance companies have been increasing coverage for fertility and family planning services as demand continues to grow globally.
The Use of 5G technology will enable surgeons to perform remote robotic procedures in different continents.
The American Heart Association reports that for men, the risk of heart disease starts to intensify from the age of 35.
The Gambias Supreme Court is reviewing a nationwide ban on female genital mutilation, following recent legal challenges.
Researchers have found that indoor plastic pollution poses a major hidden health risk in developed countries.
Scientists are investigating bamboo as a sustainable superfood due to its high nutrient and fibre density.
New sugar substitutes with zero metabolic impact are undergoing regulatory review in the global market.
Project HOPE organization is closing the immunization gap for children in times of crisis like Ukraine.
Advanced AI models were trained to identify signs of depression and anxiety using over 50 languages.
The cost of treatment of cystic fibrosis has been substantially reduced after successful consultations with low - income countries.
A global DNA study has revealed that hidden dangerous bacteria are disrupting the treatment of foot and ankle disorders.
Scientists have discovered that the human brain processes spoken language using patterns similar to advanced AI architectures.
The Global Medical Tourism Summit to be held in 2026 will explore the development of regional medical hubs in Southeast Asia.
Researchers have found that partnering with children can dramatically improve cognitive decline in older adults.
Health experts warn that in some countries the illegal sale of toxic disinfectants for  miraculous healing  is rampant.
Pharmaceutical companies are preparing to file for patent expiry of major drugs for obesity by the end of 2026.
NIHR announces new global health funding to tackle long - standing health security challenges in South Asia.
Doctors agreed to develop hyper - personalised medicine to treat cancer based on the genetic profile of the individual.
Hospitals used predictive analytics to forecast patient admission rates and optimise staff scheduling.
WHO recommends wearing insecticide - treated blankets to prevent the infant from contracting malaria.
Scientists break the mystery of cancer evolution and predict how the tumour will respond to immunotherapy.
Newly developed medical implants for treatment of treatment - resistant depression have shown life - saving results in clinical trials.
The Indian Medical Association has announced new guidelines on how to conduct telemedicine consultations in rural areas to improve healthcare accessibility.
AIIMS Delhi has successfully performed the first robotic heart surgery in India on a 65 - year - old patient hailing from Rajasthan.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has taken a nationwide initiative to provide immunization vaccines against Japanese Encephalitis in various eastern states.
Private hospitals in Mumbai reported a 30% increase in patient admissions due to seasonal influenza epidemic.
The Drug Controller General of India has approved three new generic drugs for the treatment of tuberculosis manufactured by pharmaceutical companies in the country.
Public health officials in Kerala have launched a contact tracing campaign after the detection of a Nipah virus case in Kozhikode district.
The National Health Mission has allocated additional funds for various maternal health care programmes in Uttar Pradesh and Bihar.
Doctors at CMC Vellore have developed a new surgical technique for treatment of spinal cord injury using stem cell therapy.
The Indian Council of Medical Research has issued new dietary guidelines to combat the rising prevalence of obesity in urban populations.
Healthcare workers in West Bengal received specialized training on management of dengue cases during monsoon season.
The Central Government has signed a Memorandum of Understanding ( MoU ) with Germany to conduct collaborative medical research in the field of cancer treatment.
Pharmaceutical giant Cipla announces launch of low cost insulin pen for malaria patients in rural India.
The medical colleges in Tamil Nadu have introduced mandatory courses on traditional Ayurvedic medicine according to the current medical curriculum.
The Supreme Court of India has directed the state governments to take measures to ensure adequate supply of oxygen to all by public hospitals.
Researchers at the Indian Institute of Science have developed a portable diagnostic device for detecting TB infection at remote locations.
The Health Ministry highlighted that the infant mortality rate in various north eastern states has come down significantly in the last five years.
Private healthcare providers in Bangalore collaborated with technology companies to implement artificial intelligence in the radiology department.
The Central Drugs Standard Control Organisation has banned the sale of 14 fixed - dose combination medicines, this has been banned for safety reasons.
Goas medical professionals have organised a flying health camp for migrant workers due to their dissatisfaction with the issue of communicable diseases.
The Indian Red Cross Society has undertaken a blood donation drive in the metropolitan city to fill the huge gap in blood banks.
Doctors at Fortis Healthcare successfully separated the conjoined twins using advanced 3D imaging technology and surgical planning.
The Ministry of AYUSH has proposed a combination of modern and traditional Indian medicines
Public health experts have warned of rising antimicrobial resistance in Indian medicine and recommended tougher antibiotic protocols.
The National Sample Survey Office conducted a detailed study on the healthcare expenditure pattern among Indian households.
Medical researchers in Pune have identified genetic markers associated with higher risk of cardiovascular disease in South Asian population.
The Drug Technical Advisory Board has proposed new guidelines for conducting clinical trials of investigational medicines in Indian pharmaceutical research.
Healthcare administrators in Delhi introduced digital patient management system to reduce waiting time in government hospitals.
The Indian Nursing Council has announced revised standards for nursing education to comply with international healthcare quality benchmarks.
Pediatric specialists at Apollo Hospital have successfully performed a liver transplant surgery on a six - month - old baby from Afghanistan.
The Ministry of Health has launched mobile medical unit to provide healthcare services in remote tribal areas of Odisha.
Cardiologists at Chennai develop minimally invasive procedure for treatment of coronary artery disease using robotic surgical system.
The Food and Drug Administration of India has directed over - the - counter pain relief medicines to have new labelling.
Medical students of Jawaharlal Institute of Postgraduate Medical Education conducted training on emergency medicine and trauma care.
The National Health Authority has widened the coverage of Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana and extended it to other health schemes.
Oncologists at the Tata Memorial Hospital started a new immunotherapy trial for treatment of patients suffering from advanced lung cancer.
Public health officials in Gujarat have implemented a surveillance system to monitor for waterborne diseases during winter.
The Indian Pharmaceutical Alliance has proposed to amend the Patent to increase access to essential medicines for chronic diseases.
NEARLY a team of neurologists in Bangalore took the lead in using brain scans to screen elderly patients for Parkinsons disease.
The Central Government has allocated emergency fund for improvement of medical infrastructure during COVID - 19 pandemic in the district.
A healthcare technology startup in Hyderabad has developed a mobile application for remote patient monitoring and medication follow up.
The Medical Council of India has formulated new assessment criteria for testing of clinical competence among the medical graduates.
Orthopaedic surgeons in Jaipur have successfully performed joint replacement surgery using locally developed prosthetic implants.
The Department of Biotechnology funded various research projects to develop indigenous vaccines against tropical diseases.
Mental health experts across India have recommended increased government funding for mental health care and counselling services.
The Central Bureau of Investigation has launched a probe into the issue of false medical degree certificates being issued by unaffiliated institutions.
Specialists working in Kolkata said that there has been an alarming rise in cases of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease linked to air pollution.
The National Institute of Virology has confirmed its ability to conduct laboratory testing of emerging animal and human pathogens.
Healthcare economists analyzed the economic impact of non - communicable diseases on Indian households and healthcare system.
The Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology has enhanced digital health records initiatives to improve healthcare coordination.
Dermatologists in Mumbai have documented an increase in cases of skin cancer caused by excessive exposure to ultraviolet radiation while working outdoors.
Bollywood is struggling at the box office with many big budget films performing poorly across the country
South Indian cinema continues to gain popularity in pan - India with a record number of theatrical releases
There has been a huge increase in regional language original content on the streaming platform
The veteran actor announced his return after a long hiatus and his fans were overwhelmed
They discussed the rising ticket prices in the film industry which are having a major impact on theatre footfall
The new Bollywood music album has revived nostalgia among the generation after generation audience.
Indian presence in various categories is regularly highlighted at international film festivals
Debut performances often feature young actors playing pivotal roles
There is a lot of debate about the origins of traditional Hindi cinema
During the month of Arward there will be storytelling in various films and web series
Bollywood weddings dominate social media trends throughout the festive season
Cinematographers are widely lauded for their brilliant creations on the big screen
Films featuring lesbians are getting huge box office hits in the city
Celebrities give huge pushes to their fans on various digital platforms in terms of fitness and body modification
The directors are trying to talk you into doing something you never do
Music concerts have made a big comeback, drawing large crowds after the pandemic
Star kids are scrutinized for their chances of debut in the film industry
Biographical films captivate audiences who are looking for real life stories with fresh inspiration
OTT thrillers do not equal theatrical releases in terms of viewer engagement metrics
Cooperation with regional cinemas enhances cross - industry creative partnerships
Veteran filmmakers train emerging talents through independent cinema projects
Comedy films are gaining popularity again and provide the audience with much needed light entertainment
The period drama entertains the audience with grand production value and performance
Film promotion is now largely dependent on digital campaigns and influencer marketing
Celebrity interviews often spark discussion about mental health awareness
Film soundtracks are trending on music streaming platforms all over the world
Debut directors are often rewarded for their storytelling prowess
Dance reality show dominates the weekend television viewership charts
International co - operation has improved the global footprint of Indian cinema
Courtroom dramas are gaining popularity and showcasing contemporary social issues
Debate on film censorship has resurfaced and the issue of movie release has come up again
The actors explore the antagonist role and break the long established screen image
Costume designers get recognition for their authentic period film styling
The film sequel has garnered a loyal fan base and proved to be a solid opening collection
Indie films are gaining wider audiences by popularising the festival circuit
The celebrity memoir page has attracted a lot of attention from readers
Animation films are gaining acceptance among Indian household audience
Storytelling through digital services is better than the old ways
Veteran musicians perform new songs with younger ones
Film industry unions discuss work ethic reforms
Experimental cinema is gaining traction among multiplex audiences
The public expressed their gratitude for the celebrity philanthropic initiative
The horror genre is experiencing a revival with new storytelling techniques
Winners of awards in music reality shows get a chance for mainstream playback
Film trailers record online viewership within a few hours
Actors diversify their productions and support content - driven projects
The regional award ceremony has garnered national media attention
Film critics have lauded the strong revival of screenplay - driven cinema
Celebrity fashion choices affect seasonal style trends
The cinema chains are now spread over the tier two cities
The social media scandal has affected the promotional strategy of the film
Sports biopics continue to do well at the box office
Actors undergo intensive training for roles with physical limitations
A holistic and multi - stakeholder approach to film festivals
New - age film makers are opposed to commercial cinema formula
Classic films are often returned to theatres through restoration projects
Appearances in celebrity podcasts increase online fan engagement
Film editors have captured the spotlight with their innovative narrative pacing
Digital premiere narrows the gap between theatrical and streaming release
Experimental music albums often capture niche but loyal audiences
Celebrity endorsements are shifting towards sustainable lifestyle brands
The Court's decision touches upon long standing issues regarding film distribution
The action film has improved technical standards and advanced visual effects
Music labels raise huge amount of money to promote independent artists
There is a lot of discussion on various social media platforms regarding the film awards
Actors successfully alternate between cinema and web series
The scriptwriting workshop nurtured the next - generation storytelling talent
Family entertainers regain power in the holiday release window
Film marketing relies heavily on viral digital moments
The friendship of a thousand makes a covenant in the future
Debut actresses are often lauded for their excellent performance - driven roles
Film sound design has long enjoyed industry recognition
Shorter format series are being experimented with in OTT platform
Directors often revisit classic genres with contemporary sensibilities
Celebrity wedding promotes tourism in the destination venue
Film schools report increasing enrollment interest nationwide
Mr Lemchang told the newcomers, that they are going to fail
The music festival combines traditional and contemporary sounds
Film journalists highlight the difference in content versus star power
Theatre artists successfully make the transition to mainstream cinema
The issue of celebrity legal has caught the eye of the media
Film production houses have announced a huge multi - film lineup
Regional cinema remakes dominate the national box office rankings
The actors praised their participation and their storytelling well enough
Improvement in the quality of film dubbing enabled multilingual audiences
The streaming platform promotes investment in documentary content
The celebrity interview reveals the real story behind the industry
Film critics have welcomed the revival of romantic drama genre
The young songwriters are reshaping the Bollywood music landscape
Improvement in technology of cinema exhibition enhances viewer experience
The actors are providing mental wellness support within the film fraternity
Independent film makers get international distribution deal
In film promotion the emphasis is on authenticity rather than increased publicity
Music biopics have revived interest of legendary artists
Celebrity social media has broken the silence on misinformation
Film viewers have appreciated the shorter runtime storytelling format
There are various theatrical window experimentation strategies on the OTT platform
The directors put more emphasis on strong narratives than on spectacle - driven cinema
Indian entertainment industry continues to thrive after the pandemic
The audience applauded the diverse voices of the present day Indian cinema makers
Pakistani actor Humaira Asghar's family feud erupts after reports of his death.
Cannes 2025 sees inauguration of Bharat Pavilion, featuring Anupam Kher.
Mukesh Khanna returns as Shaktimaan for the launch of a new audio series.
At Aranyer Din Ratri in Cannes, Sharmila Tagore appears on the red carpet.
The Cannes review lauded the French New Wave filmmakers award Nouvelle Vague.
Sergei Lozintsas Two Prosecutors screened Express at the Cannes festival and the winners were well received.
Samay Raina shares picture with Latent controversy figures after drama.
RJ Mahvash posts moments with Yuzvendra Chahal after scoring IPL hattrick.
In the face of media criticism Shubman Gill mentioned Avneet Kaur dating protocol.
Shaktimaans Mukesh Khanna feels fortunate to make a connection with todays youth audience.
The veterans denounced the violence in the Middle East and the Indian soldiers undermined the unity of Gaza.
Rapture film is lauded as Indian independent cinemas creative pinnacle.
Kantara and KGF 2 came first in the National Film Awards, winning four times each.
Parag Tyagi vowed to carry on the memorial online with his late wife Shefali Jariwala.
Rajkummar Rao reiterated the Gangs Of Wasseypur script changes made publicly.
After Diljit Dosanjh supported cultural row Kangana questioned sentiment politics.
Rajamouli and Daggubati absent star of Baahubali reunion on tenth anniversary.
Amitabh Bachchan channels Vijay promo for new season of Kaun Banega Crorepati.
Shruti Haasan pointed out that South stars are very humble despite their celebrity success.
Kapil Sharma cafe responds after anger over the life saving shooting incident.
Ranveer Singh's film Dhurandhar angered the fans with its intense action sequence.
Hrithik Roshan lounges with the boys and shares his view of family life.
Ryan Coogler echoes the original Black Panther 2 concept through TChalla legacy.
Amitabh Bachchan used to shoot in hot weather without taking any fee.
Mohanlal's late mother Santhakumari brought the Mammootty family together.
Shashi Kapoor's film is over budget with a lot of old Russian scenes.
Salman Khan consoled the sick child and gave marrow to the relatives present.
At the box office Dhurandhar wave girl Tu Meri Main Tera is busy.
Rekha greeted Agastya Nanda with a flying kiss at the premiere of Ikkis.
The year - end report card of Bollywood 2025 contains criticisms of violent male characters.
Dhurandhar Movie is the highest grossing Hindi film ever on Box Office Collection Day 25.
The Day 1 update of Ikkis shows that it is making a strong debut at the box office across India.
Ramayana and its action sequel made 2026 a make - or - break cinema year prediction.
Rekhas brief comments on Gemini Ganesan reveal a personal story.
Dhurandhar Box Office Day 27 highlighted the success of Ranveer Singh's film.
Bollywood actors celebrate Raksha Bandhan with high - profile brother - sister moments.
Anurag Kashyap accuses Netflix of dumbing down the content selection process.
Archana Puran Singh talks about Aaryamann Sethis personal struggle with grief.
Vijay Devarakondas Kingdom changes song sequence in reaction to OTT release.
Rajinikanth and Vijay's film rivalry has Lokesh Kanagaraj commentary.
At the Malayalam box office Njandukalude Nattil Oridavela redefined the cliché genre.
Fans criticise Payal Rohtagi's false statement on the target of Alia Bhatt's privacy request.
The remake of Godfather trilogy will soon be screened in theatres across India.
The highest paid contestants in Bigg Boss Malayalam compete with the salaries of the celebrity TV hosts.
Vishal takes a first look for Magudam, with three different looks.
Amaal Malik establishes new relationship after facing emotional Bigg Boss.
Tamil actor Rajesh passed away, Rajinikanths heartfelt appreciation.
Yashs first Ravana look was captured with a stunt on the Ramayana set.
Urvashi Rautela reported that DiCaprio referred to her viral post as Queen of Cannes.
Hrithik Roshan plans to develop a new project in partnership with Hombale Films.
Amitabh Bachchan is said to have bought a huge house in Ayodhya with huge amount of money.
Tamannaah Bhatia criticises Instagram algorithm for liking Deepika Padukone's support post.
Tiger Shroff discusses Jackie Shroffs bankruptcy troubles before he rose to fame.
BTS mastermind Bang Si Hyuk will face a formal investigation into alleged wrongdoing.
Aryan Khans OTT show has generated controversy regarding the gap between India and Hollywood.
Kapil used to prepare himself diligently before the stage performance, even though he has very sweaty nerves.
Announcement of performance and ticket arrangements for Lollapalooza India 2026.
Pawan Kalyan's fantasy epic Hari Hara Veera Mallu will soon be released nationwide.
Shoojit Sircar pointed out that AI modification of Raanjhanaa has been put on hold in the name of cooperation.
On the topic of Hema report Shwetha Menon is the first woman president of AMMA.
Indian cinema explores family dynamics through contemporary storytelling
Regional films are critically acclaimed for their socially rooted narratives
The film festival highlights the growing diversity in independent Indian cinema
Women filmmakers are redefining mainstream storytelling with a bold, creative vision
There has been renewed interest in classical music concerts among the younger public
Theatre productions often adapt literary classics for contemporary stage interpretations
Malayalam cinema continues to run at full speed with nuanced character - driven films
The streaming platform expands the arthouse and experimental cinema catalogue
The directors revisit folklore themes using modern cinematic techniques
Biographical films explore the lives of artists more than public personas
Documentary filmmakers often discuss environmental issues through visual storytelling
Film critics have found a resurgence of realism in contemporary Indian cinema
Debut actors are often lauded for their restrained and authentic performances
The music makers mix traditional ragas and contemporary soundscapes
Regional language cinema has cemented its place in international film festivals
Independent films reach wider audiences through curated digital platforms
Costume design often appears as an important narrative tool in period dramas
Veteran actors easily switch to character - driven supporting roles
Cinema reflects changing urban interconnections and changing social patterns
Literary adaptation dominates the discussion at the national film forum
Filmmakers tend to explore the topic of mental health with sensitivity and caution
Female - oriented narratives challenge longstanding cinematic stereotypes
Film preservation initiatives revive classics for contemporary audiences
Sound design has long enjoyed prominence in Indian film criticism
Young directors often experiment with non - linear narrative structures
Music albums inspired from poetry attract niche but loyal listeners
The tension between creativity and regulation is apparent in the film censorship debate
Performative minimalism is gaining popularity in independent cinema circle
Theatre artists bridge the gap between stage and screen performances
The Indian animation industry is expanding beyond children - oriented storytelling
The film society has revived interest in world cinema
There is a lot of debate on cultural adaptation ethics in regional cinema remakes
Digital premieres redefine audience engagement with serious cinema
Actors tend to choose scripts and put more emphasis on substance than commercial formula
The music festival celebrates the fusion of classical and contemporary traditions
Film schools report increasing interest in screenwriting programmes
Advertisers have promoted nonfiction narratives and substituted them for spectacle - driven cinema
The documentary series explores the forgotten cultural histories of various regions
Experimental short films have access through curated streaming section
Cinema narratives play a major role in advancing lower social classes
Literary festivals often have discussions on cinema and narrative ethics
Film editing techniques are evolving to accommodate digital viewing
The directors attached great importance to authenticity in narrating historical events
Independent producers insist that low budget films should have a fixed thematic focus
The actors discussed the role of representation in popular cinema
The music documentary explores the changing regional folk traditions
Indian cinema audiences have reinvented the dialogue between art and commerce
In theatre adaptations various political topics are explored through symbolic storytelling
Film criticism platforms encourage deeper engagement with cinematic language
Regional filmmakers create shared narratives through effective collaboration across industries
Digital platforms are content commissions rooted in local cultural context
The film festival is at the forefront of sustainability and open innovation
Cinema reflects a lot of the social ills of present day India
Art direction occupies an important place in the cinematic narrative that shapes the world
Actors review theatre training and refine performance techniques
Film music experiments a lot with silence and minimalism
Independent cinema defies audience expectations with unconventional endings
Story - driven films are gaining ground in the mainstream discourse
The Indian entertainment industry tends to strike a balance between tradition and innovation
Audience reveals growing appetite for thought provoking and thought provoking cinema
There has been mixed development in Bollywood box office amid changing audience tastes
Audience indicated a growing interest in mainstream cinema as a way of thinking
South Indian films continue to make their mark in various north eastern multiplex markets
OTT platform dominates entertainment consumption among urban youth
The wedding of the couple attracted a lot of attention from the public on various social media platforms
Film trailers generate huge online buzz within a few hours of being released
Actors take on unconventional roles and challenge established screen personas
They returned with a crowd record at music concerts in various Indian cities
Films directed by women have been commercial successes across the country
Streaming series do not equal theatrical releases in viewer engagement metrics
Vijay Deverakonda has a bigger fan base than the western market
Directors often experiment with genre blending to appeal to younger audiences
Film promotion relies heavily on digital marketing strategy
Star kids are often scrutinized for their launch opportunities
The period drama delighted the audience with grand visual and performance
The film sequel features a strong opening orchestrated by a loyal fanbase
Indie films have gained recognition through screening at international festivals
Tamannaah Bhatia celebrates milestone with chart topping song
Comedy films have regained popularity and are now providing a great source of entertainment
A music album inspired by nostalgia trends on various streaming platforms
Actors become producers and support content - driven cinema projects
Courtroom dramas highlight current social and political issues
The debate on film censorship has resurfaced and this has been widely criticised
Kareena Kapoor talks about investigative drama directed by a woman
The horror genre is experiencing a revival with new storytelling techniques
Digital premieres shorten the gap between theatrical and streaming windows
Film critics have lauded the revival of screenplay - driven cinema
Regional cinema co - operation strengthens industry - wide partnership
The celebrity memoir page has aroused a lot of interest from readers
Varun Dhawan investigates darker roles in upcoming thriller
The film festival showcases diverse storytelling from India
Anushka Sharma speaks her heart out about cinema tour
Actors undergo extensive training for roles with physical limitations
Family entertainers dominate the box office during festival season
Film marketing relies heavily on viral social media moments
Hrithik Roshan wraps up the highly anticipated sequel schedule
Debut actors are often lauded for their confidence and mature performances
Aamir Khan confirms his comeback with big budget drama
OTT platforms are making huge profits in documentary storytelling
Priyanka Chopra starts shooting for her upcoming Hollywood venture
Kiara Advani entertains fans at international film festival
Katrina Kaif turned producer with a content driven project
Film production houses have announced a huge multi - film slate
Regional cinema remake dominates the national box office charts
The actors have mastered the art of combining compliments and formal sorytelling
Improvement in film dubbing has reduced the multilingual audience reach
He has introduced a shorter format series experiment to the streaming platform
Salman Khan announces new action entertainer on occasion of Eid
Film schools report an increase in enrollment in various creative courses
Various music festivals have been organised to celebrate the achievements of past and present musical artists.
Alia Bhatti was lauded for her brilliant performance.
Film schools attract more talented storytellers than celebrities.
When artists openly talk about their failures it gives a huge boost to aspiring artists.
Giant movie theaters are shrinking their locations in major cities.
Advertising is changing as people are changing their mindsets
Movies about famous musicians revive public interest in contemporary artists.
The way celebrities use social media is a big indicator of public opinion and perception.
Film viewers tend to prefer short narratives and shorter films.
OTT platforms are taking experimental approach by having few episodes only.
The directors now put more emphasis on storytelling rather than spectacular scenes.
After the pandemic Indian cinema is witnessing a gradual and credible development.
Artists take measures to promote mental health in the entertainment industry
Film critics were delighted with the comeback of the love story.
The various award ceremonies held in different districts of the state have garnered national media attention.
Celebrity podcasts have strengthened ties between fans and celebrities in different corners of the country.
Indian entertainment showcases the challenges faced by the people and how they are coping with the changing times in the country.
Along with major films independent films are also gaining ground
Composers have used a wide variety of musical instruments to create new and exciting melodies.
Film festivals are known to attract diverse participants and cultural expressions.
The artists emphasis on the role of the villain has tarnished the image of the modern hero.
Fashion enthusiasts also received recognition for their efforts in enhancing the visual appeal of the industry.
Discrimination on social media has a huge impact on the film's release.
Movies about famous wrestlers have always attracted attention among the masses.
The shortage of vintage films has revived the old cult films for the newcomers.
Celebrity adoption stories are all over the internet.
Music streaming is changing the way young people listen to music.
office - focused analysisFilm criticism now takes into consideration a lot more than just the receipts.
Artists often turn to  theatre  to hone their skills
The launch of the new film has gathered an enthusiastic and trusted audience.
The directors are adept at blending reality and business narratives.
The Indian animation industry continues to expand beyond children's content
Sound design has quietly recreated the emotional grammar of contemporary cinema
Milarte award speech sparked debate on race and gender equality
Streaming platforms are often used to monetize/produce new content based on the quality of the content
In order to remain in the limelight, artists often have to overcome the burdens of fame.
Film soundtracks have experienced a sudden surge in popularity on various short video platforms.
The theatre adaptation explores a wide range of contemporary political issues
Cinema is a great reflection of the changing Indian identity of the city
There is a strong digital readership in celebrity lifestyle interviews
Independent producers support content - focused films with reduced budgets
Improvement in film exhibition technology will increase viewership
Audience demand authenticity more than cinema by formula
The music documentary explores the changing face of popular culture in India
Film narratives take precedence over lower social attitudes
Actors tend to choose projects that match their individual talents
Digital storytelling is changing the traditional way we consume and consume entertainment.
The marketing budget of the film has been shifted towards influencer marketing
The cinema discussion was well attended by the delegates and the general public
On music albums few production styles are experimented with
Indian entertainment industry is adapting well to digital disruption
Debut performances signal a generational shift in acting sensibilities
Tollywood films continue to dominate domestic and overseas box office
South Indian stars have gained recognition in pan - India with their multilingual cinema project
OTT platforms have revolutionized viewing habits of urban youth
A couple getting married is still the talk of the town in various entertainment media
A film teaser generates a huge digital buzz within a few minutes of its release
Actors experiment with intense roles and challenge traditional hero stereotypes
Music concerts attracted huge crowds in Hyderabad and Bengaluru
Women - oriented films tend to garner critical acclaim and audience appreciation
Streaming thrillers dominate the weekend watchlist across platforms
The directors used mainstream cinema to explore themes related to social issues
Film promotion relies heavily on social media engagement strategy
The star sparked controversy over nepotism in the film industry
Period films captivate audiences with rich visuals and storytelling
The sequels feature a strong opening sequence led by a loyal fan following
Independent cinema has attracted attention with screenings at international festivals
Celebrity fashion statements are trending on digital platforms
Comedy entertainers bring relief in the midst of mass production of action films
Music albums inspired by folk traditions are gaining popularity again
Actors are producers and contribute to content - driven regional cinema
Courtroom dramas highlight important legal and moral issues
The issue of film certification has revived the debate on freedom of expression
Celebrity charity initiatives often garner praise from fans and peers alike
Horror films have reemerged with a new kind of storytelling
The digital premiere reduces the wait time for theatrical release
Film critics have welcomed the advent of screenplay oriented cinema
Regional film collaborations promote cross - industry creative exchanges
Celebrity memoirs have attracted interest from readers across the country
The number one music reality show has entered the mainstream playback stage
Film festivals have always been a platform for showcasing the diversity of Indian cinema.
Action films have raised the bar with advanced visual effects
Actors undergo rigorous training for roles with physical limitations
Family entertainers dominate the box office collections during festive season
Film marketing strategies tend to adapt to varying speeds of audience attention span
Often friendships and encounters between people of different ethnicities create alliances
Debuting actors have impressed critics with their confidence on screen
Film sound design is gaining popularity in the industry
OTT platform promotes investment in regional original content
Directors often revisit classic genres with a contemporary narrative twist
Theatre artists successfully make the transition to mainstream cinema
Celebrity legal disputes have attracted a lot of attention from the public and media
The film production houses have announced a big lineup for the coming year
Regional cinema remakes have done well at the national box office
Family entertainers often return to the venue amidst political turmoil
Improvement in dubbing quality has reduced the potential for films to reach multilingual audiences
Streaming platforms test shorter episode format for series
Lifestyle and wellness brands are given priority in celebrity endorsements
Film schools reported increasing enrollment in creative courses
Film festivals have been at the forefront of introducing distinctive voices in the rising tide of cultural integration
Film journalists highlight the shift towards content - driven narratives
South Indian cinema continues to form an entertainment trend throughout the country
Bollywood has rediscovered romance and audiences are fed up with the relentless action spectacles
Regional cinema silently misses the mainstream releases with inventive storytelling
Streaming platforms have empowered bold narratives that were previously overlooked by theatrical cinema
Celebrity wedding combines tradition and spectacle in front of an endless crowd
The film festival is a celebration of the revolt against commercial cinema by formula
Actors embrace flawed characters that reflect the anxieties of todays city
A music concert returns as a cultural gathering rather than a performance
A female - led story defies box office expectations and industry perceptions
Independent films get more loyal audiences than opening weekend numbers
The directors blurred the line between arthouse cinema and mainstream entertainment
The nostalgia - driven soundtrack dominates the playlist amidst ambiguous cultural moments
Theatrical adaptations reinterpret the classics for todays restless audience
There seems to be an uneasy connection between fame and personality in celebrity interviews
Period dramas often revisit history with political undertones and spectacle
The sequel was a big hit even when the originality debate did not go away
Indie film makers are resisting algorithm - driven storytelling pressure
Fashion statements on the red carpet create a larger cultural conversation
Comedy has returned as a quiet antidote to cinematic excess
The music album explores both despair and hope in equal measure
Actors often turn to producers who seek creative autonomy rather than safe stardom
Courtroom dramas highlight the growing distrust of institutions in public life
The Censorship debate has eroded the fragile balance between art and power
Celebrity activism tends to circulate opinions in various echo chambers of social media
Horror cinema often changes into psychological terrain through jump scares
Digital premieres facilitate ritualistic linking of prospects and audience
Film criticism has regained more relevance than box office arithmetic
Cross - regional collaboration counters linguistic silos in cinema
The memoir does not clearly draw the line between confession and performance
Reality television continues to focus on spectacle over substance
About 10 lakh youths were trained in Artificial Intelligence.
More than one lakh mobile towers have already reached 4G and 5G network services in various parts of the country.
A total of 50 million startups registered in the last year alone.
A credible deterrent requires domestic production, a robust supply chain, and the ability to operate independently from external influences.
Ten years ago there were less than 500 startups in the country.
A tax exemption of upto INR 12 lakh has been agreed upon in the past.
Large areas of India and large populations do not have access to basic amenities.
A person from Jaipur, Rajasthan expressed fears about what BJPs third term might bring for the minorities.
A new policy to exploit the resources of the High Seas has also been formulated.
A new policy has been formulated to provide incentives to the fishermen of the coastal areas.
A highlight of the document is its emphasis on defence production and industrial capacity.
A recent court ruling also quashed the BJPs profit derived from opaque forms of campaign finance.
About 12 lakhs loan has been disbursed for initial self - sponsored ventures.
Indias post - independence development took its main impetus from small towns and villages.
After Operation Sindoor confidence in the Made - in - India defence platform has gone up considerably.
After Dibrugarh events Shah will proceed to Dhemaji district where he will attend a cultural festival of the Mising community.
After launching various projects, he will address a public meeting there.
All Mizoram is now connected with Aizawl and New Delhi by direct rail route.
All the Results will be tallied and declared on 4th June.
Alliances remain important, but their nature is carefully defined.
And there is connectivity from north India, Chennai to Vladivostok and the polar route.
And over 17 billion rupees have already been produced.
There is a widely differing opinion that there is nothing greater than race in the midst of different opinions and opinions.
At a time when the world is in turmoil, India is working on building a bridge to the rest of the world.
We have also agreed to resume negotiations for a free trade agreement between India and the EEU.
And it will be our priority,  he added in reply to another question.
Apart from chips there is another big sector which my government has started to work on in a mission mode.
Apart from nuclear energy India is making good progress in solar power sector.
Under this scheme, about 2.5 lakh houses have been constructed for the poor in these villages.
As a result of my government's policy there has been a huge increase in the robbery of people's money.
As a result, over the last decade, about 25 million people have been lifted out of poverty.
As a consequence, the demand for oilseed crops has also increased during 202425.
That's why jobs are changing rapidly.
That is why every penny of taxpayers' money is now being used for the development and welfare of the country.
As a voter I want a country that provides development, better jobs and equal rights for all. 
At the beginning of 2014, social security schemes were able to reach only 25 lakh people.
At the same time, he remained steadfast in his resolve of  India First. 
Underneath this achievement lies a different and more distant vision of my Government's foreign policy.
The Bharatiya Janata party is hoping to retain its majority in the parliament, this is where the allegations are made.
Part of the reason for the BJP's strong showing in the polls is the weak performance of the party in 2019.
The two documents narrowed the scope, giving priority to internal security, and framed the partnership in practical terms.
But Manipur should not be left behind. The state is on track to emerge from 2023 onwards
China is still the main focus of external attention, but the way it is dealt with makes it clear :
Indias metro network is also a source of national pride.
The inhabitants of the land remember their glorious past and the remarkable achievements of their ancestors.
Civil aviation and tourism were also discussed. We would like to see more Russian tourists in India.
This first quarter of a century was one of many accomplishments, great achievements, and remarkable experiences.
Looking at the past elections, the Assembly elections in Assam this year are expected to be held in front of the House.
Opponents alleged that the BJP government systematically used the state machinery to hunt down and jail political opponents.
Due to cruise tourism, tourism has been increasing near the rivers and lakes.
Deep Fake, fake news, and fake content continue to pose a growing threat to democracy, social order and public confidence.
Defence cooperation was portrayed as reciprocal, conditional, and based on shared efforts rather than political symbolism.
He also crossed the record mark of Rs. 23 crore in defence exports.
Protecting the borders, borders, and critical infrastructure is seen as the most important military mission, not a subsidiary and secondary one.
Despite the various global challenges, India has remained the fastest growing economy in the world.
Over 7,200 kilometres of National Highways have been constructed in the north eastern region in the last 11 years.
Four million pucca houses have been constructed for the poor over the last ten years.
India has added 18 km of new rural roads in the past one year.
During the past year alone, over 2.5 lakh underprivileged patients have received essential medicines under this scheme.
About one lakh new households have been reached with tap water connection during the past year.
Over the past year, my Government has created stable employment opportunities for millions of youth through various employment fairs.
During my three terms in office, the campaign to empower the underprivileged has come a long way.
India, which had only five national waterways till now, has now crossed the 100 mark.
Election 2026 will be a landmark year for democratic processes in India and the rest of the world.
The recent elections in Assam were held before the Bihu.
Electoral bonds have faced a lot of criticism as they do not have long maturity.
Equally important is what the strategy does not address. It does not list the major regional architectures.
Europe, providing a platform for technology, joint development, and defence cooperation.
Even in the midst of these challenging times, India continues to move forward on the path of development with great dynamism.
Even the belligerent nations have voiced their belief in India in all matters of importance.
Everyone has seen how the long awaited next - generation reform of GST has improved public confidence.
Prime minister Narendra Modis partys share of profits from the controversial financing scheme.
For a long time the working people of the State have been engaged in many labour laws.
For India, the impact is clear when compared to the wider context.
For India, the message is clear. Deterrence, capability and resilience are no longer optional.
For the Congress, the survey said that there will be 80 seats, which is much lower than the forecast of 97 seats in the August 2025 edition.
For the elections the alliance could win over 400 seats.
For the INDIA bloc the survey suggested 39% of votes.
For many years there has been an atmosphere of insecurity, fear and mistrust in 126 districts of the state.
From a cultural point of view India is one of the richest nations in the world.
Young farmers and women in particular will benefit immensely from these reforms.
Indias excellent welfare schemes and international recognition in the courts of the worlds leaders as an emerging global power.
Get real - time updates, key dates, voting patterns, and verified news all in one place.
The government has taken care of all other issues like food, health, and education.
Women are making rapid progress in every aspirational sector of the country through various development visions and policies of the Government.
We are pleased to note that over 25 million new jobs have been created in the electronics manufacturing sector alone.
He pointed that there has been an increase in allegations of attacks on opposition parties in the run up to the recent elections.
Homeland security and the Western Hemisphere are high on the agenda.
The Women and Children's Hospital at Agartala will substantially strengthen the healthcare facility.
How we can make long - term plans in that regard was a key part of our discussion.
How the United States now understands the power, risks and responsibilities of a changing international system.
However, due to invasion and neglect during the first few years after Independence, this precious heritage suffered huge losses.
But post colonization, due to decades of neglect, today 95 percent of Indias trade is conducted by private ports.
However, the release of the data has not yet mapped the number of people willing to buy electoral bonds to the beneficiaries.
However, Vaishnav pointed out that the governments measures have severely crippled the farmers industry.
I am confident that all the people of the State will do their part for the good of the nation and for the welfare of the State.
I congratulate you all on this historic reform.
I congratulate all the stakeholders on the successful conclusion of the negotiations on a free trade agreement with the European Union.
I would like to congratulate the Honorable Members on the fact that a special debate has been organised in Parliament on this auspicious occasion.
I think this corridor is going forward for the benefit of the global economy.
What has come out clearly today is that India - Russia relations are very strong and stable,
I think we share a special and privileged strategic partnership.
I am going to vote for the Congress, because that is the only solution for the BJP's anti - partition politics.
Over 202425, the country's fish processing capacity is expected to increase by 200 million tonnes.
Four more semiconductor manufacturing units have been sanctioned for 2025.
India's defence output will reach INR 1.5 billion in 2025.
By 2025, Indias entire metro network will have crossed the historic milestone of one hundred thousand kilometres.
In fields like mobile manufacturing, India is now the second largest country in the world.
In line with my government's policy the security forces have also taken decisive action against the Maoist insurgents.
Over the coming years, our country will take further steps towards establishing an Indian station in space.
In the evening he will visit the Assam BJP headquarters at Guwahati.
India is also known to be the most successful country in the world in cotton production.
In the first five months of 202526, Indias smartphone exports have crossed Rs. 100 crore.
Over the past year India has recorded over 350 million tonnes of food waste.
In the past, India used to be a superpower in maritime trade.
The future development of the nation will be decided by a holistic approach.
In a US - India mutual benefit deal, the PM Modi government extended benefits to farmers and agricultural land holders.
In these 10 years, India has become the third largest startup ecosystem in the world.
Hard work, discipline and perseverance of all of us are crucial in this journey.
The DoW likewise applauded President Trumps visionary and realistic diplomacy,
In view of this, the US National Defence Strategy 2026 may not diminish Indias importance.
In this regard, the nation has reached another milestone just a few months back.
India has always come forward to offer its full support in times of crisis.
It is important to take this issue seriously by taking into account the risks associated with the misuse of AI.
Incremental modernization will not be sufficient where stronger countries are preparing for long term competition.
India has also shown a compelling role model in this regard.
India has always believed that the purpose of global politics and cooperation should be to serve humanity.
India has weathered the global geopolitical and economic storm.
India is entrusted with hosting the Commonwealth Games - 2030.
India has forged new alliances in various regions including Africa and Latin America, reinforcing longstanding ties and strengthening existing ties.
India has further strengthened its track record in controlling inflation.
Russias invasion of Ukraine has not been denounced by India.
India has proven that power can be used responsibly and prudently.
He will also organize a Global AI Impact Summit in India to bring different countries of the world on the same platform.
India is also taking concrete steps to develop nano - chips.
India now has one of the fastest growing economies in the world, besides infrastructure building,
India will eliminate or reduce tariffs on all US industrial goods and US manufactured goods.
He raised some big questions regarding Indias digital independence and data privacy.
The Election Commission of India has cleared hundreds of millions of dollars in political donations,
The Indian elections are the biggest exercise of democracy in the world.
The electronics sector in India is booming like never before.
Indias demand for Russian crude oil has skyrocketed despite tensions over Russian crude oil in many western countries.
Since Modis coming to power in 2014 Indias press freedom ranking has fallen by more than 20 places.
Indias rapid development in land, sea and space sectors is now a topic of global discussion.
India's defence challenges, especially those related to China, will be best addressed by its military preparedness.
Indias share in global investment and exports continues to grow.
Indias Womens cricket team won the World Cup for the first time.
Indian energy has played a pivotal role in defence.
Initiatives like Mudra Yojana are inculcating entrepreneurship and self - employment among these youths.
Rather than stand firm in safeguarding Indias interests, a strong government has undermined Indias independence and data privacy.
Determine the strategic environment for India.
I am honoured to be addressing a joint sitting of both Houses of Parliament.
He got 44% of the vote in the 2024 elections.
It has also given a new impetus to the economy of the country.
Markets, Hospitals and Schools have also been strengthened.
It is a matter of pride that the World Health Organization has declared India free from Trachoma, an eye disease.
It is good to note that India has always attached importance to balance, impartiality, and humanitarian considerations.
India and Russia have also benefitted immensely from this partnership.
It is now bringing direct benefits to the poor and middle - class households of the State.
It's very important that you all consider this serious matter.
It's not about roads and infrastructure, it's about the direction of the country.
Only with this mentality of fear can there be national security.
However, it is slightly below the 58% rating obtained in the MOTN survey in August 2025.
It shows a growth of 105 percent compared to 2014.
It will strengthen research and diagnostic activities and assist in formulation of better animal welfare policy interventions.
It will help in mitigation of pollution and leakage, which my Government has been fighting against for a long time now.
Jaishankar mentioned that he keeps in touch with Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Vladimir Putin.
Jaishankar said that the two of them had a good communication.
Jaishankar pointed that the North - South transport corridor will be beneficial for the entire global economy.
According to the survey of January 2026 may the Lok Sabha elections be held today.
It is with this principle in mind that Bharatiya Nyaya Sanhita is being implemented in a hurry.
Earlier this month the supreme court had dismissed the electoral bonds as unconstitutional.
Lavrov also lauded Indias presidency of the G20 and expressed Russias support for Indias candidacy for the UN Security Council.
Let every Member of Parliament stand united on issues of national importance as a contributor to the development of the nation.
The longstanding global equations are also changing.
He emerged victorious in the Assembly elections held in important state of Haryana
Persistent problems need to be resolved through diplomacy and dialogue.
Manufacturing strength, supply chain security, and ability to sustain military operations over time are considered strategic assets.
Maoist ideology has plunged the future of many generations into darkness.
Military success is no longer defined by platform or deployment.
Modi was further emboldened by the pre - election developments, which saw Indias first landing on the moon earlier this year,
Modi talks about progress, dignity, and erasing the wrong history.
Modis own personality as a strongman populist leader also played a pivotal role.
Modis strength in contesting the elections is partly due to his fervent Hindu nationalist agenda.
Over 20 million artisans across the country have been provided training and banking support.
Over 80 crore rupees will be earmarked for improvement of the North Eastern rail corridor.
Over Rs. 6 crore is spent annually for this purpose.
Moreover, the old maritime codes have also been updated to meet the needs of the times.
MOSCOW : India - Russia relations reflect geopolitical realities, strategic convergence and mutual benefit,
And here I am today, reporting on all the developments, including those of our growing businesses.
New jobs are being created in new sectors such as semiconductors, green energy, and green hydrogen.
India now has the third largest metro network in the world.
Now almost all rural India is connected by roads.
Now for the first time since independence my government has shown the courage to tackle this issue.
Now my government is taking measures to safeguard this vast body of knowledge.
Nowadays space tourism is also lagging behind India.
Now the north eastern region is also increasingly linked to the core of development.
Nuclear energy plays an important role in this.
The existing rules and provisions will continue to be updated as and when required in the near future.
The strategy itself is a clear statement of the top priorities of the Trump administration.
For our geopolitical interests, and for their profit.
Over one crore rupees is being collected by my Government under these two programmes.
A sum of INR 60 lakh under PM Setu Scheme has been disbursed in this account.
One thousand ITI are being prepared for future deployment in order to improve the ITI network in the country.
Our Constitution also exhorts us with the same spirit.
Our country is also the second largest fish producer in the world.
We extend our sincere gratitude to the people of India for their commitment to engage responsibly in tackling global challenges.
Our nation has been a center of learning in the past.
Our young, tribal and Dalit brothers and sisters are among those who have suffered the most.
Out of these, only three districts remain the worst affected.
More than 20 million youths are now working in Indias startup network.
Over the past 1011 years, India has strengthened its foothold in all spheres.
Over the last 11 years electronics manufacturing has increased by six percent.
Over the past 11 years, post - matric scholarships have been provided to thousands of students belonging to Scheduled Castes community.
Over the past 11 years the economic foundation of our country has been growing exponentially.
Over the past decade, reforms have been made in every system related to sports in India.
Over the past year my Government has committed over Rs. 50 crore for upgradation of existing infrastructure.
The partnership is framed between contribution and capacity.
The people, who had deposited the guns, are now serving them at Pandum Cafe at Jagdalpur.
Arrangements have been made for his third term of 100 days.
I am happy to inform you that this initiative has so far attracted over Rs. 1.25 crore private investment.
The PM was a forceful leader who said that  Our country is winning the respect of every Indian everywhere in the world. 
A total of 32 million new houses were allotted to the poor during the last financial year.
It is mainly concerned with national interests, balancing and streamlining international cooperation.
Rahul Gandhi, former Congress party leader, who lost both elections to Modi,
The Startup India Programme recently completed 10 years.
Two - wheelers registration has crossed the two million mark, which is actually a new record.
The rising cost of commodities due to inflation can be counted against the BJP during the elections.
Russia, India and Iran signed an agreement on establishing a North - South multimodal transport corridor in 2000.
Self - reliance in microchip manufacturing is crucial for today's manufacturing and technology adoption in the future.
Shah will also lay the foundation stone of the Institute of Wildlife Health and Research at Dinjan within the district.
After this Shah will lay the foundation stone for the second phase of the sports complex.
Similarly, the Blind Womens cricket team has also won the World Cup.
About 60 lakh youths have been trained so far for the Semiconductor industry.
So far over 300 provisions have been removed from the criminal offences category.
About 20 lakh rooftop solar systems have been installed till date.
Social justice means that every citizen shall enjoy full equality, and without any discrimination.
Soon semiconductor chips made in Assam will be the lifeblood of electronic products across the globe.
Speaking at a joint media appearance with Lavrov after the meeting,
Attendance of media at check handover function at Sotai in Jorhat district.
Strengthening ties with China is sought through deterrence and balancing rather than enhancing promises to move forward.
Such initiatives are creating a robust health infrastructure in the north eastern region.
Such is the belief of the BJP, Modi has repeatedly stated that he intends to win over 370 seats,
The absence of reference to India and the Quad from the Strategy is not a rule of thumb,
The amount given to BJP is far higher than that given to other political parties.
Elections in 126 districts of Assam are likely to be held in March - April.
The Atal Innovation Mission is playing a pivotal role in this.
The BJP government has also been accused of undermining freedom of press and attempting to crack down on critical media.
The BJP government under Modis leadership is important because it has a bigger vision for the country.
Now the BJP leadership has paved the way for the creation of a  popular government  in Manipur
The BJP campaign also presses the narrative on economic growth,
The BJP central campaign slogan is  Modi ki guarantee .
Now the major cities of Arunachal Pradesh, Tripura and Mizoram are connected by a broad - gauge rail line.
The people of India will move forward, for national welfare and Constitutional values
The Congress party alleged that tax collectors withheld millions of their partys money.
By translating the Constitution in Santhali dialect, my government has made the tribal community proud.
The country's food processing capacity has increased by twenty percent, which has resulted in better availability of fresh produce to farmers.
Record progress has also been made in the manufacturing sector of the country during this period.
Research and development culture is also being promoted through the Anusandhan National Research Foundation.
The data shows how BJP has witnessed huge economic growth over other parties in view of the impending elections.
The day is not far off, when the country will witness the annihilation of all the Maoist infiltrators.
Defence strategy implements political intent in force planning, capability development, and resource allocation.
Delhi chief minister and Aam Aadmi party leader,.
A detailed report on the issuance of bonds on Monday highlighted that some of the biggest bond issuers are under investigation.
The document avoids language that would link US defence planning to key regions through core treaty obligations.
Thus the document avoids ideological framing and avoids presenting the debate as an attack on global governance.
This election was rated by analysts as one of the most predictable elections India has seen in decades.
Accurate statistics from the past year corroborate that.
As a result of the expansion of Digital India, India has emerged as a global hub, a creative economy, and a manufacturing hub worth billions of rupees.
External affairs minister S Jaishankar said during his extensive interaction with the Russians yesterday.
The Government also decided to reduce agricultural product levies.
The impact of todays decisions will be felt for years to come.
Serving the poor and middle class, Indian Railways is taking a vigorous drive towards achieving 100% electrification target.
Lottery company Future Gaming and Hotel Services has been investigating cases of money laundering since 2019.
Even the main national opposition party, Indian National Congress, received only Rs 14 crore through this scheme.
It is also aimed at boosting Indias manufacturing and service sectors and generating new entrepreneurial opportunities for Indias youth.
Withdrawal of troops from Pakistan after the infamous Pahalgam fires, Indias non - compliance with Trumps strong - arms tariff.
The NDA also increased its vote share to 47%, which is a significant improvement from 46.7%.
The G20 Summit held in New Delhi last year was a real foreign policy victory for India.
It appears from the numbers that the partys alleged  vote fraud  against the BJP has not angered the masses.
The aim is to prevent and manage conflicts by mutual agreement.
If the BJP gets a big majority on the issue of Eptu,
The outcome document outlines the balance of interest.
The party received over INR 60 crore ( £570m ) in donations, which is more than any other political party.
The Prime Ministers presence could go a long way towards the welfare of our people in Manipur
The first year was memorable as a celebration of Indias rapid development and rich heritage.
The aim of the project is to bring in transit freight traffic from India.
India - Russia relations have a long and rich history.
The US National Defence Strategy ( NDS ) for 2026 invites the following frequently asked questions for India :
Rupee did not perform well and admitted that he will continue to be under pressure.
The second biggest donor of electoral bonds Megha Engineering is also being investigated by the authorities.
The state assembly elections will be held in Rongali District before 2019.
The state government also wants to hold elections before the Bihu festival.
The Strategy also highlighted the importance of establishing a strategic paradigm arrangement where external interference would be optional and conditional.
It is clear from the Strategy that the United States will cooperate with others.
Although the Survey confirmed the stability of the economic fundamentals,
The suspension of the Indus Water Treaty is another step taken by India in the fight against pollution.
Despite Moscows invasion of Ukraine, Indias ties with Russia remain strong.
The true success of any justice system is measured by its ability to create a sense of security.
The two sides also discussed cooperation in the field of relations with the Russian Far East.
The two countries enjoy close ties and are closely linked in terms of Indian investments in Russia.
Voting commenced from 8 am yesterday and was conducted in 102 constituencies across the country.
The improvement in performance of our daughters and our divyang countrymen, is truly amazing.
The whole country is changing the sphere of influence of Maoism.
The world witnessed the bravery and valour of the Indian Defence Forces during Operation Sindoor.
The youth of the nation are now embracing Aatmanirbhar Bharat, Swadeshi, and Make in India as their responsibility.
Their policy is accompanied by communal politics and anti - Indian sentiments.
A record number of new food and horticulture crops have been harvested in 202425.
There is also a lot of public pressure on the issue of  Swadeshi .
Forty five per cent of these startups have at least one female director.
There was no immediate response from the Prime Ministers Office on the matter of the Congress leader
He also mentioned that he will discuss the political situation in Assam.
There is no doubt that the government has devoted all resources for the preparation of the venue for this elections.
Thus creating the conditions for a balanced and mutually beneficial balance of power in the Indo - Pacific.
That's why, with the mantra of Women led development, the nation is moving forward today.
Therefore, the National Education Policy is designed to meet the needs of present and future generations.
These provide quality education and better future prospects for tribal children.
These initiatives will play a crucial role in preserving Indias knowledge infrastructure and making it accessible to the public.
These interactions are force multipliers, not power changers.
These improvements are bringing unprecedented benefits to the poorer and middle - class families.
Now these relics have been released for public viewing.
These schemes have provided relief to the millions of impoverished people who are facing hardship.
These are the core requirements of the emerging strategic landscape.
They were unable to come to an agreement on leadership and seat allocation and hitherto were seen as divided.
Such approach is also evident in India's stance towards Ukraine and its neighbouring countries.
This approach is in line with the National Security Strategy released last December.
This is known to be very costly for the ethnic minorities in India, who are facing even greater hardships.
This includes important state assembly elections, local body elections, and by - elections, which could have a significant impact on national level politics.
This imposes a greater burden on India.
This reflects the re - consideration of vulnerabilities and the recognition that internal security cannot be separated from military planning.
This reflects lessons learnt from recent wars and longstanding rivalries between the major powers.
This requires sustained deployment of capabilities, notably in conventional deterrence, maritime power, air defence, and long - range strike.
This should impress upon you the importance and value of unity.
We have met six times this year and this is our 7th meeting.
Those whom he left behind are the top priority for my government.
With Macaulays scheme, a spirit of tolerance arose among the Indian masses during the colonial era.
With the efforts of the youth of India and my government there is no way the country will see any improvement in sports.
Reducing external dependence on critical minerals through National Critical Mineral Mission.
Hundreds of thousands of beneficiaries have now been provided insurance coverage through this scheme.
My Government has also launched a new platform called WAVES to boost the creative economy.
We can all see that India today stands at a pivotal juncture in its development path.
Now, along with improved food security, farmers are also being linked to livestock farming, and crop cultivation is being used as a new avenue for economic development.
India is now making unprecedented investment in modern infrastructure.
India now has a major role to play in some of the global institutions through its wide - ranging role and commitment.
It now stands at INR 11 crore.
About two lakh startups have registered today.
Now new avenues of development have opened up in the coastal areas of West Bengal and Odisha.
Now products made with the vision of Make in India are making inroads into global markets.
Now it is being done at school level to inculcate technology and innovation mindset among the children.
Now the nation is taking all kinds of measures to preserve and enhance its cultural heritage.
Today we witness another positive change in the mindset of the youth of India.
Both of them point out that the United States still has power, but it is better to choose how to use that power.
The two leaders will meet for an annual summit in the near future. Our relationship is strong and stable.
The uncertainty created by the ongoing conflict has also weakened the global stability and economy.
Under Modi, India can go to the moon and at the same time be proud of its culture and roots.
A total of INR 2 crore has been covered and invested so far under PLI scheme.
Over Rs. 24 crore worth of claims have been issued under this scheme.
Over 38 crore rupees have been disbursed to entrepreneurs under this scheme so far.
Over 3.5 million new jobs have been created under this scheme.
More than 20 villages are being developed under this scheme in the tribals' deprived communities.
Over 4 crore rupees have been transferred directly to their bank accounts under this scheme and deposited till date.
The Union home minister will virtually launch small scale projects for rehabilitation and rehabilitation of irrigation areas in Assam.
The United States does not intend to provide security in Asia through formalized coalitions or extended military guarantees.
Unprecedented attention has also been paid to improving communication in the region.
The US is focused on mitigation of risks and commitments and regional actors need to extract more revenue from their military capabilities.
Our country destroyed the base camps of the terrorists with its own money.
We also discussed connectivity issues ; connectivity from southern India through the International North - South Transport Corridor.
We are delighted that our turnover is at an all time high.
We have already lost $ 50tld last year. We hope to break even this year.
We discussed long term planning. In terms of our business, energy, fertilizer, and cooking coal are crucial commodities in this regard.
We also discussed mutual investments and how to make progress towards a bilateral investment treaty.
We discussed various issues related to enhancing Indias polar capabilities in cooperation with Russia.
We are increasing the number of flights from India every year.
We need a strong opposition. Voting against BJP in this situation is a revolutionary act.
We talked about the railways yesterday, we also talked about the industrial zone infrastructure.
What did he say about the Indo - Pacific, China and India situation in American strategic thinking?
The most important thing is that this business is more diversified. It is sustainable and provides fair access to the market.
When a nation has a dream, only its young people dream such a dream, and those young people themselves make it come true.
When we respect our culture and morals so does the world.
Whether you track results or explore candidate profiles, this is your go - to hub for Elections 2026.
That has become possible, to the extent that a decision can be taken, because the G20 Chair did not allow the outcome document to be made unilateral.
The elections are administered and carried out by the state  and the judiciary, which handles the cases, is challenged by the government.
When the 27 leading parties, including the Congress, met this year to form an alliance with the acronym INDIA,
While negotiating a deal with the UK and the European Union ( EU ), Modi's image has risen domestically as well as internationally.
While some BJP members spoke privately on the matter, the party denied any wrongdoing.
While the survey highlighted Modi as the most popular political leader in India,
With an installed capacity of 150 million tonnes, India has become the largest producer of fresh rice in the world.
With all these India will surely achieve its target of 500 gigawatts of renewable energy capacity.
As a result of my governments initiatives, about 95 million Indians now have social security cover.
Due to my government efforts over one lakh youths have also been engaged in IT services.
The Election Commission expects to announce the date anytime soon.
It is also important to safeguard the interests of the workers as many new sectors are emerging in the country.
My Governments enabling policy has also resulted in the emergence of many new sectors in the country.
With this card, about 8 lakh elderly persons have been admitted as in - patient in hospitals for emergency treatment.
As the year 2026 begins, we have entered the second half of this century.
It is with this belief that I extend my best wishes to all the Parliamentarians for a fruitful and fruitful session.
Women have also been included in other Schemes.
To ensure proper payment of wages and allowances and other welfare benefits to the employees.
You all know that the world is going through a very difficult time.
You are in Assam today. Manipur is only an hour away. Please go there too.
Pakistan has again withdrawn its decision to boycott.
