Hard vs. Soft Belly: Why the Texture of Your Belly Fat Is a Major 'Red Flag' for Health.
Shark Tank India judge Kunal Bahl opens up about the 'constant burden' of weight struggles
A neuropathologist in Hyderabad says that it is not necessary for all healthy adults to take nutrition-supplements every day.
Genes can control your life, no matter what your condition.
This is why Alfia Jafry's hydration routine became a great lesson for skin health.
How far should senior citizens walk each day?
A pediatrician reported an extremely surprising case of a 16-year-old boy with a stone in his right kidney.
Varun Dhawan recalled getting injured in the tail while shooting for the film Border 2.
After switching from metformin to insulin, what do you notice happening?
The institute's doctor accused the girl of misbehaving during her period.
This is why it is important to get enough vitamin D for your sleep.
A doctor told her about the 'weird' signs, which included excessive urination, constipation, heartburn, and a lump appearing on her skin.
A top oncologist says oral cancer is now in competition with breast cancer.
A surgeon says that more people die from untreated gallbladder stones than from gallbladder surgery.
The makeup artist Namrata Soni explained why many-step skincare routines don't work in India.
Should you take vitamin B12 supplements on an empty stomach?
Abhay Deol described how stem cell treatment helped improve his health over the years.
A digestive system expert explained how this simple act helps avoid acid reversal and flatulence.
How Aamir Khan's health improved and helped him lose 18kg.
My sweat became so bad, it's like acid. What's wrong with it?
This is why your fabric softener has a huge impact on indoor air quality.
The World Health Organization's member countries have launched a global campaign to strengthen pandemic preparedness.
The United States government has greatly increased federal funding for cancer care through its health workers.
The European Union's health ministers have agreed to work together to improve the cross-border disease surveillance system.
Japan approves new treatment regimen to tackle growing healthcare pressure in elderly.
The United Kingdom has also increased its national role in preventing and treating sports-related diseases.
China has invested heavily in building public hospital infrastructure to deliver healthcare.
The World Bank has said that it will provide financial assistance to countries struggling to strengthen their systems.
The Australian Health Authority released updated guidelines for the management of mental health issues.
Germany introduces digital health documents to improve coordination between hospitals and primary health care providers.
Canada launches nationwide program to reduce surgery wait times at public hospitals.
Canada has launched a nationwide campaign to reduce the number of people waiting for surgery in rural homes.
The World Health Organization warned of rising antimicrobial resistance as a significant threat to global public health.
France has also invested heavily in surveillance for rare diseases.
South Korea adopted artificial intelligence tools to improve disease detection even earlier.
The health workers of the African Union have been working to strengthen the capacity of the region's vital infrastructure.
The Food and Drug Administration of the United States has approved a new gene therapy for a very rare genetic disorder.
Italy has made changes to work for the welfare of its people.
International health observers have shown that obesity rates rose during the global health talks.
Spain expands telemedicine services to improve access to healthcare in rural areas.
The WHO stressed the importance of equitable vaccine distribution at a global policy meeting.
India and many other countries have also been conducting research and providing support to cure TB.
Mexico launches national trial program to detect diabetes early.
Japan has spent a lot of money to create equipment that is essential for hospital workers.
The United Nations has called for more robust health systems to support aging populations worldwide.
Sweden has long funded healthcare services in an effort to reduce the cost of long-term care.
International observers have launched a new global-health project in the wake of climate change.
Health advisors have spoken about the need to modernise the United States' center for disease control and prevention.
Pharmaceutical companies across the globe have been spending heavily on vaccine research and development.
The World Health Organization launched a campaign to improve maternal health outcomes worldwide.
South Africa has made a strong contribution to the fight against HIV by working to improve the health of its people.
Argentina has made great strides in improving public health care delivery.
The European Medicines Agency has approved a new drug to help stop the spread of the disease.
Activists for public health have raised concerns about the declining immunization rate for children.
Norway improved mental health care through an increase in public money.
The United Nations offered assistance in rebuilding health infrastructure in conflict-affected areas.
Singapore has also made great strides in promoting digital healthcare for the treatment of chronic diseases.
State health experts have stressed the importance of detecting cancer early.
Global health regulators have passed new laws to help prevent rare diseases.
New Zealand has also increased the training of healthcare professionals to meet the needs of its population.
The United States has proposed changing the law to improve maternal and child healthcare.
At an international summit, global health leaders stressed the importance of universal health coverage.
Thailand has also strengthened its primary healthcare system to cope with the increasing number of people in hospital.
The international Red Cross has greatly improved rapid relief and recovery worldwide.
Denmark launches national initiative to promote preventive health check-ups.
National regulators have called for the development of new vaccines for emerging infectious diseases.
Chile has also given money to modernize public hospitals to improve patient care.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has identified mental health as a global development priority.
Volunteers around the world have donated large sums to fund healthcare in places where people are unwell.
The Netherlands has also made greater efforts to provide long-term care for the elderly.
National development agencies have been working to address the growing number of cases of chronic diseases.
Four out of every ten cancer cases worldwide are preventable.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has set a goal of helping millions of people get healthy by 2026.
The new tariff classification for vaccines has been introduced to strengthen emergency preparedness.
WHO launches global appeal for nearly one billion dollars to address 36 health emergencies in 2026.
Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said that the 2026 health appeal is not a donation, it is a strategic investment for global security.
Global health bodies have pledged emergency funding to help 30 million people in distress by 2026.
The World Health Organization has helped to create 1,370 mobile clinics around the world through donations to humanitarian organizations.
Health experts identified Afghanistan and Sudan as priority emergency assistance areas for the year 2026.
The World Health Organization warns that global humanitarian aid money is at its sharpest decline in a decade.
The governments of Australia and Canada have expressed optimism about the potential for increased healthcare coverage through the year 2026.
Deloitte predicts that by 2026, 80% of healthcare executives will have done well in their organizations.
The Food and Drug Administration has given a different approval for sevabertinib to help patients who have lung cancer due to the HER2 mutation.
Bayer's researchers said sevabertinib could help with the early treatment of lung cancer.
The Food and Drug Administration has provided a variety of support for CPI-008 to help patients recover from cancer surgery.
The Arabelle Institute has recognized the investigational antiretroviral drug combination for the treatment of pancreatic cancer as a drug of inaccessible diseases.
Revolution Medicine says Zoldonrasib works very well with KRAS G12D a type of lung cancer.
The Food and Drug Administration has approved ETX-19477 for the treatment of ovarian cancer, but it is not effective in treating this condition.
Eureka Therapeutics received regenerative medicine accreditation to CAR T-cell therapy for the treatment of liver cancer.
Joint research from BioNTech and OncoC4 found that gotistobart helps patients with squamous lung cancer.
Food and Drug Administration approved KLN-110 for the treatment of multiple myeloma.
WTW's research estimates that global medical inflation could rise to 10.3% by 2026.
Insurance companies in the Asia Pacific region are expected to post a 14% growth rate by the end of 2026.
The United Kingdom's Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency has assumed the Presidency of the International Accessibility Organization.
Health system managers cite workforce shortages and productivity as major concerns in 2026.
The UN's Department of Health says there could be 4.5 million nurses missing by the year 2030.
In the United Kingdom, nearly 40 per cent of general practitioners expect to leave the profession within five years.
Approximately 30% of healthcare professionals worldwide rely on AI for support on a daily basis.
Physical therapists can also use "digital twins" to help patients recover from surgery without having to undergo surgery in the first place.
An artificial intelligence system called GI Genius has helped reduce the incidence of colon polyp misses during screening by up to 50 per cent.
The Food and Drug Administration has approved a new technique for renal denervation to help treat high blood pressure.
Health care providers are now using zero-trust security technology to help keep data from health care providers safe.
England's national health service has introduced a 7-minute cancer treatment, a big improvement over the previous one that took an hour.
The cancer vaccine industry in the United Kingdom is connecting patients to private mRNA cancer vaccine trials.
Researchers have developed a blood test that can detect 18 different types of cancer at once.
Medical spending in Latin America is projected to grow by 11.9 percent in 2026.
Global health agencies have set a goal of eliminating lymphatic filariasis in the Americas by 2030.
Scientists at MIT have developed an AI tool called Sybil that can predict a person's lung cancer risk up to six years in advance.
The 2026 health emergency application aims to provide life-saving vaccines to more than five million children in crisis areas.
Healthcare systems are now providing care at nearby clinics and at home, as well as providing care to patients who do not need to be in a nursing home.
Mental health and wellness products have also provided new care options to help people find mental health apps and digital tools.
Public-health experts in Bangladesh are treating illnesses caused by bat-borne viruses and have identified the Pteropine orthoreovirus.
The Rockefeller Foundation is analyzing the humanitarian impact of global medical money cuts in 93 countries.
Global defense spending has topped $2.5 trillion a year, but money for health emergency assistance continues to decline.
WHO data suggest that 1 in 6 bacterial infections can no longer be treated with antibiotics.
A new study in the Lancet suggests global warming could kill 22 million people by 2030.
Scientists have found that long-term stress can reduce the levels of Reelin protein in the gut.
In the study of 2 million people, cerebral amyloid angiopathy was found to be the most common cause of dementia.
Australian researchers have completed a phase II trial of a carbohydrate-based drug that helps to reduce the risk of sepsis.
Pan American Health organizations are also developing new policies to care for patients who come into contact with mosquito bites.
Public health experts are improving global traditional medicine centers to advance evidence-based research.
The Cigna group announced that cancer is the leading cause of more medical demands for global workers.
The United Nations has included mental health care in the primary education system in developing countries.
Medical technologists are inventing "smart pills" that can confirm with an electronic system whether a patient is taking a medicine or not.
Johnson & Johnson launched the VARIPULSE Plus platform to help doctors better treat heart rhythm disorders.
The NuVision Nav ultrasound catheter becomes the first 4D imaging device combined with 3D cardiac mapping.
Clinical trials are investigating whether epigenetic clocks affect how people age.
Insurance companies have increased the cover of childbearing and family planning services due to increased demand worldwide.
5G technology is now giving surgeons the ability to perform robotic surgeries from remote locations and for different countries.
The American Heart Association reported that the risk of heart disease in men increases sharply after the age of 35.
Gambia's highest court is reviewing a law banning female genital mutilation.
Observers have found that plastic bags used in households can have a negative impact on our health.
Scientists' research shows that rice is a beneficial food, rich in many nutrients.
A new sugar substitute with zero metabolic effect is under review for approval in the global market.
Project HOPE has been closing immunisation gaps for children affected in war-torn Ukraine.
Advanced artificial intelligence models have been trained to detect signs of depression and anxiety in over 50 languages.
After successful negotiations in low-income countries, cystic fibrosis drug prices have come down significantly.
Worldwide DNA studies have found hidden bacteria linked to diabetes in patients.
Scientists have discovered that the human brain processes spoken language in a way that resembles advanced artificial intelligence constructs.
The Global Medical Tourism Summit in 2026 will focus on the growing medical tourism industry in Southeast Asia.
Researchers discovered that taking care of grandchildren can significantly slow down cognitive decline in older people.
Health experts warn that toxic disinfectants are being falsely marketed as miracle cures in some countries.
Drug companies are preparing to end patents on obesity treatment staples by the end of 2026.
The NIHR is providing new funding to help improve access to healthcare in South Asia and to improve access to long-term care.
Physicians now use hyper-personalized medicine to help in the diagnosis of cancer.
Physical examination is a test that is used to determine whether a person is physically fit and healthy.
The WHO is distributing insecticide-treated cloth wraps to help prevent malaria.
Scientists have uncovered hidden markers that show how cancer develops and how immunotherapy shrinks tumours.
New medicines have helped patients respond well in clinical trials.
Indian medical community has released new guidelines for telemedicine to make it easier for patients to see a doctor in a rural area.
AIIMS Delhi has successfully performed India's first robotic heart surgery on a 65-year-old patient from Rajasthan.
The Ministry of Health and Family Welfare has launched a campaign to vaccinate against Japanese Encephalitis in the eastern region.
Hospitals in Mumbai have reported a 30% rise in seasonal flu cases.
The Indian government has recently approved three new generic diabetes drugs manufactured by pharmaceutical companies.
Public health services in Kerala have begun a coordinated search for a cure for the Nipah Virus in Kozhikode district.
Indian health professionals have donated millions of dollars to support maternal health programs in the states of Uttar Pradesh and Bihar.
Physicians have set up a new surgical facility at CMC Vellore to treat patients with spinal cord injuries with the help of stem cell therapy.
The Indian Council of Medical Research released new dietary guidelines to tackle the growing problem of obesity in urban areas.
Health care providers in West Bengal have launched a campaign to stop the spread of dengue fever during the monsoon season.
The Indian government and Germany have signed a memorandum of understanding to work together on cancer treatment.
Pharmaceutical giant Cipla announced that new insulin pens could be coming to the market for diabetics.
The Indian School of Medicine in Tamil Nadu offers a unique approach to the study of Ayurvedic medicine and contemporary medicine.
The Supreme Court of India directed the state governments to ensure adequate oxygen supply in all government hospitals.
Researchers at the Indian Institute of Science have developed a device that can be used to screen for tuberculosis.
High infant mortality has persisted in the northeastern states for the past five years.
Physical therapists in Bangalore have teamed up with technology companies to help with artificial intelligence in the field of radiology.
The Central Drugs regulator has banned 14 fixed-dose combination drugs over safety concerns.
Goa medical experts organise free health camps for migrant workers after infectious disease concerns.
The Indian Red Cross Society has set up a blood bank in a major centre to help save lives.
Doctors at Fortis Healthcare have successfully separated conjoined twins using the latest 3D imaging and precise surgical coordination.
AYUSH has highlighted the importance of modern medicine and traditional Indian medicine for the health of millions of people.
Experts have warned that antimicrobial resistance is approaching and called for rules governing antibiotic use.
The National Sample Survey Office has identified key health risks affecting Indian households.
Medical researchers in Pune have identified genetic markers showing that people of South Asian descent face a higher risk of heart disease.
The Drug Technical Advisory Board has set new standards for clinical trials of investigational medicines in Indian pharmaceutical research.
Delhi's healthcare administrators used digital systems to check on patients at government hospitals, in order to complete the process.
The Indian Nursing Council has recently launched a series of initiatives to improve nursing education in India, with the aim of providing quality healthcare to millions of people across the country.
The pediatric specialists at Apollo Hospitals successfully performed a liver transplant surgery on a 6-month-old baby in Afghanistan.
The Ministry of Health has launched a campaign to provide mobile medical units for healthcare services to rural communities in Odisha.
Cardiologists in Chennai have developed a new treatment for coronary artery disease using robotic surgical systems.
India's Food and Drug Administration mandates new labeling rules for painkillers sold without a doctor's prescription.
Jawaharlal Institute of Postgraduate Medical Education medical students receive training in emergency medicine and trauma care
The National Health Authority has announced the launch of a new treatment scheme under the Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana.
Cancer doctors at Tata Memorial Hospital have begun testing immunotherapy for the first time in patients with serious lung cancer.
Public health authorities in Gujarat launched surveillance systems to monitor water-borne diseases during the summer months.
Coalition of Indian Pharmaceutical Associations calls for patent reforms to increase access to essential medicines for long term diseases.
NIMHANS Bangalore neurologists have pioneered the first brain treatment system for Parkinson's disease that is aimed at older people.
The central government has allocated emergency funds to improve hospital facilities so that patients with COVID-19 can get better care.
Healthcare-technology startups in Hyderabad have launched a new mobile app that lets doctors monitor patients remotely and manage their medicines properly.
The Medical Council of India has introduced a new examination system to ensure that medical students who pass are well prepared to treat patients.
Jaipur's orthopedic doctors have successfully performed joint replacement surgery on artificial joints.
The Department of Biotechnology has funded new research to develop vaccines for tropical diseases.
Mental-health doctors in India have urged the government to increase investment in psychiatric care and counselling.
The Central Bureau of Investigation is investigating fake medical-degree certificates issued by an unregistered college.
Kolkata's lung doctors report that chronic obstructive pulmonary disease is spreading through air pollution.
The National Institute of Virology has opened its lab to study new diseases in animals, birds and humans.
Healthcare economists have analysed the impact of non-communicable diseases on India's economy and healthcare system.
The Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology has released a new tool called Digital Health Records to improve healthcare coordination across the country.
A dermatologist in Mumbai said that many outdoor workers develop skin cancer from exposure to ultraviolet radiation.
The Bollywood box office has been hit hard by the underperformance of multiple big-budget films.
South Indian cinemas have gained popularity because of the film's release date, when many people flock to the cinema hall to watch it.
Streaming platforms are now producing films in many more languages.
After a long hiatus, a veteran actor is back in the acting world to cheer up fans.
The increase in ticket prices in the film industry has had a significant impact on audience attendance at theatres.
Bollywood's new music albums revive beloved old songs, which is why audiences have embraced them.
Indian films have been showcased at international film festivals in many categories, including short films, documentaries, and feature films.
New actors who are interested in cinema for the first time get a good reputation
The trend of remakes in Hindi mainstream cinema has created new debates about originality.
Awards season saw many new films and web series draw attention.
Bollywood celebrities have seen a surge in social media trends during the festive season.
The cinematographer also received a lot of praise for the quality of the work he did on the big screen at the cinema hall.
The role of the heroine is still considered to be one of the most important in the film industry.
Fans learned about the stars' fitness by following them on social media.
The directors experimented with new versions of old stories, and they were able to revive old ones.
Music concerts have been coming back stronger in recent months due to the lockdown and the increasing number of people attending.
The star kids have been at the receiving end of harsh criticism over their chances of debuting in the film industry.
Audiences loved films inspired by real people's lives and called for more true-story films.
OTT thrillers on streaming apps are becoming as popular as films released in cinema halls.
Collaborations between regional film industries have fostered creative partnerships.
Experienced filmmakers are guiding new talents through independent film projects.
Comedy films have gained popularity because people watch funny movies to entertain themselves.
Historical drama films have captivated audiences with lavish productions and performances.
Film promotions now rely heavily on the internet and social media.
Actors' interviews now often raise awareness of mental health.
Movie soundtracks are now trending across music streaming platforms, including Spotify.
New directors have won praise for making films with fresh stories.
Dance reality shows are drawing strong viewership on television.
International collaborations have enhanced the global presence of the Indian film industry.
Court drama films have been popular for reflecting contemporary social issues.
After the release of controversial films, the debate regarding the system of film censors has started again.
Famous actors often take villain roles, which can lead audiences to see them as bad people.
Costume makers have gained recognition for realistic costumes in historical films.
Subsequent episodes of the film have ensured strong opening returns for loyal fans.
Films from smaller production houses can gain prestige by winning awards at film festivals.
The announcement of the publication of the autobiographies of famous personalities has aroused great interest of the readers.
Animated movies are also popular with Indian audiences.
Internet content is now watched far more than television content.
Veteran singers often collaborate with new singers to create new songs.
Film industry associations are taking part in reform discussions to improve working conditions.
New films that break sharply from old ones have won appreciation in cinema halls.
Charitable programmes of eminent personalities have won wide appreciation of the people.
Horror movies often draw audiences by telling stories rooted in a character's past.
The winners of the music reality show are getting a chance at mainstream playback singing.
Movie trailers now rack up millions of views online within an hour.
Actors have moved from acting to filmmaking, and new businesses have sprung up around them.
The regional film award ceremonies have received much attention in the national media.
Film critics have hailed the resurgence of films based on powerful scripts.
After seeing the outfits worn by famous actors, ordinary people try to wear the same.
Film exhibition chains are expanding to tier 2 cities.
Social media debates have influenced film promotion strategies.
Films about athletes are often very well received.
Actors had to work hard to get their bodies fit for those expensive movie roles.
Film festivals bring people together to share and hear one another's stories.
Film directors often look for new ideas in films rather than old ones.
Old classic films are being screened in theatres again through restoration projects.
Famous actors on podcasts are watched, shared and liked by many fans.
Film editors are valued for making films more engaging for viewers.
Digital releases have bridged the gap between theatrical and promotional media releases.
Newly composed songs and remixes have won a small but devoted and supportive fan base.
Celebrity endorsements have also focused on sustainable lifestyle brands.
The court verdict has cast a shadow on the long-pending film release disputes.
Action films often involve heavy visual effects and technical challenges.
Music companies are investing more in independent artist development.
Film award debates have created a wide discussion on social media.
Actors in movies and web series have changed dramatically
Screenwriting workshops are grooming a new generation of storytellers.
During the holiday season, family-oriented entertainment films are again dominating the box office.
Film marketing is increasingly relying on viral digital moments.
The news of the celebrities' friendship has been made public and has grabbed news headlines.
The new actresses have received critical acclaim for their powerful performances.
Film sound design is finally getting the recognition it deserves industry-wide.
OTT platforms have been criticised over their format.
Directors have re-explored classic genres with a modern approach.
Weddings of celebrities have boosted travel to tourist destinations.
Film institutes have reported an increase in enrolment interest across the country.
Actors have inspired aspiring artists by openly discussing their professional failures.
Music festivals have showcased a mix of traditional and modern sounds.
Film criticism shows a shift away from star power towards narrative
Stage artists have successfully made their way into mainstream cinema.
Celebrities' legal battles draw heavy attention from critics and the media.
Film criticism shows a shift away from star power towards narrative
Remakes of regional films have topped the national box office.
Actors must balance commercial demands with the needs of storytelling.
The quality of film dubbing has improved leading to increased access to a multi-lingual audience.
Streaming platforms earn heavily from paid subscriptions.
Interviews with celebrities revealed what it means to be at the forefront.
Film critics have hailed the resurgence of the romantic drama genre.
Teenage singers have revolutionized the world of Bollywood music
New cinema experiences have raised audiences' expectations.
Actors have called out in support of mental wellness among the film fraternity.
Independent filmmakers are getting international distribution deals.
Film promotion has given priority to natural presentation instead of exaggerated advertisements.
A song's lyrics can inspire a new generation of singers.
Celebrities have spoken out against misinformation through social media.
Filmgoers welcomed the film's new runtime and storytelling format.
OTT platforms have opened a wonderful new path for quality niche content.
Directors have focused more on strong writing than visual surprises.
India's tourism sector has posted record growth recently.
Audiences have recently appreciated the diverse voices shaping Indian cinema.
After the news of Pakistani actress Humaira Asgar's death broke out, incidents of dispute over her family have come to light.
The inauguration of the India Pavilion at Cannes Film Festival 2025 was held in the presence of Anupam Kher.
Mukesh Khanna, who played Shaktimaan, is making a comeback with the launch of a new audio series.
At Cannes, Sharmila Tagore appeared on the red carpet for 'Aranyer Din Ratri'.
The Festival de Cannes celebrated the revival of the nouvelle vague.
Sergey Loznitsa's "Two Prosecutors" film is shown in a special screening at the Cannes festival.
After the dramatic debate, Samay Raina shared pictures with the controversial figures on social media.
RJ Mahavash posted a few moments pictures with Yuzvendra Chahal after his history-making hat-trick in the IPL.
Shubman Gill comments on love rumours with actor Avneet Kaur amid rumours doing the rounds in the media.
Mukesh Khanna's powerful character has enthused the audience by connecting with today's young generation.
Many senior artists have condemned the ongoing incidents of violence in the Middle East and Indian celebrities have expressed solidarity with Gaza.
The film 'Rapture' was praised as a major work of India's early cinema.
The films "Kantara" and "KGF 2" won the maximum number of four awards at the National Film Awards.
Parag Tyagi promises to keep the memories of his late wife Shefali Jariwala alive on social media.
Rajkummar Rao publicly recalled the changes that happened in the script of the film "Gangs of Wasseypur."
Kangana Ranaut questions sentiment-based politics after Diljit Dosanjh defends cultural debates.
A Baahubali reunion between Rajamouli and Daggubati marked a milestone year.
Amitabh Bachchan shows glimpses of Vijay's mannerisms at the promotions of the new season of "Kaun Banega Crorepati."
Shruti Haasan said that even as young girls grow up, they can still feel vulnerable.
Kapil Sharma's Cafe answers public reaction after a life-changing shooting incident.
Ranveer Singh's film 'Dhurandhar' won over fans with its powerful, action-driven message.
Hrithik Roshan, spending time with his children, spoke about family life.
Ryan Coogler revealed T'Challa's role in Black Panther 2.
Amitabh Bachchan once shot a film at a very difficult time when he was short of money.
Mammootty's family reunites with Mohanlal after the death of his mother Santhakumari.
Shashi Kapoor's film went well over budget, despite its conventional first impressions.
Salman Khan comforted a sick child and posed for photos with the siblings.
At the box office, amid the 'Dhurandhar' wave, 'Tu Meri Main Tera' struggled.
Rekha blessed Agastya Nanda at the first screening of 'Ikkis'.
Bollywood honoured veteran actors on a 2025 year-end card.
On the 25th day of its release, the film "Dhurandhar" has claimed the highest grosser among Hindi language films.
The opening day collection of the film "Ikkis" shows strong opening across India.
The year 2026 is being touted as the decisive year for the film industry due to the release of "Ramayan" and various action-packed sequels.
Rekha's older verses reflect her own distinctive voice.
On the 27th day of the release of "Dhurandhar, " the success of Ranveer Singh's film was further consolidated.
Bollywood actors celebrated Raksha Bandhan together with their siblings.
Anurag Kashyap criticised Netflix for its poor content selection.
Archana Puran Singh talks about Aryaman Sethi's personal struggle with depression.
Vijay Deverakonda spoke about how the rise of OTT has reshaped the music world.
Lokesh Kanagaraj spoke about watching a Rajinikanth and Vijay film.
At the Malayalam box office, 'Njandukalude Nattil Oridavela' made a fresh mark.
Fans strongly condemned Payal Rohtagi's offensive remark about Alia Bhatt.
The Godfather trilogy was soon being released theatrically across India.
Information on the highest paid participants and hosts of the show "Bigg Boss Malayalam" has been released.
Actor Vishal revealed the first look of the film "Magudam" in which he appears in three different looks.
After heavy drama on Bigg Boss, Amaal Mallik found new happiness.
Tamil actor Rajesh has died, drawing tributes from Rajinikanth.
Yash's first look as Ravana was revealed for 'Ramayana'.
Urvashi Rautela claims that Leonardo DiCaprio addressed her as "Queen of Cannes."
Hrithik Roshan wants to collaborate with hombale films for a new project.
It was reported that Amitabh Bachchan bought several major properties in Ayodhya for a large sum.
Tamannaah Bhatia criticises social media's calculation method after her post in support of Deepika Padukone.
Before he became a big name, Tiger Shroff spoke about Jackie Shroff's bankruptcy troubles.
BTS's Bang Si-hyuk has come under legal scrutiny.
Comparisons between Indian and Hollywood content have begun over Aryan Khan's digital series.
Kapil's stage was being readied for a performance.
The lineup and ticket plans for Lollapalooza India 2026 have been announced.
Pawan Kalyan's historical fiction-based "Hari Hara Veera Mallu" will soon be screened digitally across the country.
Shoojit Sircar defended comments about the last part of "Raanjhanaa" modified with the help of artificial intelligence.
Shwetha Menon issued remarks as the first female president of the Malayalam Film Artistes Association.
Indian films have explored complex family relationships through modern storylines.
Regional films have received critical acclaim for their stories based on social realities.
Film festivals have brightened the growing diversity within Indian independent cinema.
Women filmmakers are redefining mainstream storytelling with bold and creative approaches.
Classical music has been a popular form of entertainment for young people in recent years.
Theatrical stage productions reinvent literary classics for the modern stage.
The Malayalam film industry continues its strong streak with nuanced character-driven stories.
Streaming platforms have raised the profile of arthouse and experimental cinema.
The filmmakers used modern cinema tactics to explore the narrative.
His story-driven films explore the lives of ordinary people on the margins.
Documentary filmmakers create urban issues through visual storytelling
Film critics have noted the resurgence of realism in modern Indian cinema.
The new actors have been praised for their restrained and realistic performances.
Composers are blending old ragas with new sounds.
Regional language films have strengthened their presence in international film festivals.
Original films have drawn large audiences through digital platforms.
During the drama, costume design was seen as an important means of communication.
Good actors perform well in supporting roles
Films have reflected the changing contexts of urban life and the evolution of social identities.
Literary adaptations have dominated national film discussions.
Filmmakers have explored mental health issues with sensitivity and restraint.
Women-centric stories have challenged many day-to-day cinematic concepts and stereotypes.
Film preservation projects are bringing back classics for audiences to enjoy.
Sound design has flourished within the Indian film industry.
Young directors are challenged by the idea of nonlinear narrative
Hip-hop and weird music albums are catering to a niche but will appeal to a discerning audience
The debate over film censorship has highlighted the conflict between creativity and law
There is a growing interest in restrained acting styles in the independent film world.
Stage artists have bridged the gap between stage and screen acting.
The Indian animation industry has explored a wide range of content, crossing the boundaries of child-centered storytelling.
Film societies are generating new interest in the history of world cinema.
Remakes of regional films have sparked debates on the ethics of cultural adaptation.
Digital media has revolutionized the viewer's experience.
Actors have chosen scripts prioritising content over commercial success.
Music festivals celebrate the harmony between past and present
Film schools say that screenwriting opportunities are growing.
Critics praised the film's bold style but faulted its graphic content.
The documentary series explores the forgotten cultural history of various regions.
Specially made films will be viewable even without streaming.
Film narratives are increasingly presenting the experiences of marginalized groups in society.
Discussions on film and story ethics have been held at literary festivals.
Digital viewing technology has revolutionized the world of filmmaking.
When it comes to historical events, directors tend to be truthful.
Independent producers are backing strong content-based low-budget films.
Actors are often asked questions about their roles in films.
Music documentaries have investigated the history of the development of regional folk music.
The Indian film industry has created new dialogues between art and commerce.
Theatrical adaptations have presented political themes through symbolic narratives.
Film criticism platforms have encouraged a deeper understanding of film language.
Regional filmmakers are creating joint stories with collaborations across multiple industries.
The impact of digital platforms has had a lasting impact on urban behavior.
Film festivals have prioritized sustainability and inclusive creative discourse.
Cinema nowadays reflects the aspirations of the people of India.
The world of cinema is increasingly seeing the importance of craft direction in world-building stories.
Actors turned to theatre training to sharpen their acting craft.
The film's soundtrack was met with a warm reception and a warm welcome.
Independent films have challenged audience expectations through unconventional final portions.
Films based on stories are back in the mainstream discourse.
The Indian entertainment industry has tried to strike a balance between tradition and innovation.
Audiences are showing interest in more thoughtful and introspective films.
Bollywood box office is experiencing uneven recovery amid changing preferences of audiences.
Audiences are showing more interest in thoughtful mainstream cinema.
South Indian films are now reaching many markets in the north.
OTT platforms are also increasing the consumption of entertainment among urban youth.
Wedding ceremonies of celebrities are getting a lot of attention on social media.
Movie trailers have been generating major buzz online around their release.
Actors have stepped up, challenging the established screen persona.
India's biggest cities are drawing record crowds back to music festivals.
Women-centric films are finding commercial success across the country.
Streaming series have far outpaced theatrical releases in audience reach.
Vijay Deverakonda has created huge fan groups outside South India as well.
Directors have been looking for ways to change genres to appeal to younger audiences.
Film promotion strategies are increasingly relying on digital marketing.
The star kids have time and again faced criticism for their debut opportunities.
Historical drama films have captivated audiences for their grand visuals and performances.
Subsequent episodes of the film have ensured strong openings for loyal fans.
Indie films have gained recognition through global showcases.
Tamannaah Bhatia is celebrating a new milestone of her own with the success of new music.
Comedy films have also gained popularity, due to their light-hearted humor.
Music albums are steeped in a spirit of nostalgia.
Actors are stepping up as producers and investing in content-driven films.
Courtroom dramas now portray social and political truths.
But the debate over film censorship has resurfaced.
Kareena Kapoor plays the female lead in the drama.
The horror genre has seen a resurgence in popularity in recent years.
Digital releases have bridged the gap between theatrical and digital releases.
Film critics have hailed the resurgence of films based on powerful scripts.
Regional film collaborations have fostered creative partnerships between different industries.
The publication of autobiographies of famous personalities has aroused the interest of readers.
Varun Dhawan explores the darker workings of horror cinema.
Film festivals have brightened the diversity of Indian storytelling.
Anushka Sharma shared a heartwarming story about her love for cinema.
Actors are undergoing intense training for tough physical roles.
Family oriented films have dominated the box office during the festive season.
Movie marketing is relying more on viral social media moments.
Hrithik Roshan has wrapped up the shooting of the much-anticipated next episode.
The new actors have been praised for their confident and mature performances.
Aamir Khan has confirmed his big budget comeback
OTT platforms have paid heavily for content.
Priyanka Chopra has started shooting for an upcoming Hollywood project.
Kiara Advani has impressed fans with her appearances at international film festivals.
Katrina Kaif is making her debut as a producer with a content-driven film production.
Film production houses have announced ambitious projects of many films.
Regional films have topped global box-office charts.
Actors have been known to balance acting and storytelling for a living.
Film dubbing has been successful in attracting a wide audience
Streaming platforms keep rolling out fresh content formats.
Salman Khan announced a new action song for Eid.
Film institutes have seen a surge in admissions to creative courses.
Music festivals celebrate a fusion of traditional and modern sounds.
Alia Bhatt won critical acclaim for her performance in the drama
Film schools have noticed an increase in interest in story creation compared to star fame.
Actors have inspired aspiring artists by openly expressing their failures.
Film exhibition chains are expanding to tier 2 cities.
The way films are made has changed with the changing hearts of audiences.
A song's lyrics have freshly inspired many aspiring singers.
The social media activities of celebrities have influenced the formation of public opinion.
Audiences praised the film's crisp dialogue and tight runtime.
OTT platforms have been criticised over their episodic storytelling.
The directors have given priority to the quality of writing rather than visual surprises.
The Indian film industry is experiencing a slow but steady recovery post the pandemic.
Actors are speaking out in support of mental wellness in the entertainment industry.
Film critics praised the transformation of romantic drama.
The regional award ceremonies have attracted national media attention.
Podcast appearances by celebrities have increased fan engagement.
India's changing economy reflects an interplay between everyday spending and broader shifts.
Independent films are creating their own space in parallel with mainstream releases.
Composers work across all genres to create new sounds.
Film festivals bring people together and showcase their work.
Critics keep probing the role of antagonists, reshaping earlier images of heroes.
The best costume designers are known for their fine work.
Social media debates have influenced film release strategies.
Sports-based biographical films have maintained consistent popularity with audiences.
Filmmaking works to revive classics for younger audiences
Parenting-related moments of celebrities are being widely shared on social media.
Listening to music has transformed the listening habits of young people
The film criticism genre has transcended the boundaries of box office-centric assessment.
Actors are going back to theatre training to hone their craft.
Independent cinema appeals to a niche, especially a more discerning, trusting audience.
Directors have created new films combining the techniques of realism and commercial storytelling.
Celebrity podcasts have become a popular way to lift fans' spirits.
The sound map has silently reshaped the emotional language of modern cinema.
Award acceptance speeches by eminent personalities have sparked cultural and political debates.
Streaming platforms are increasingly used to promote content across regions.
When actors are held in high regard, they can make a big impact on the world.
Film musicals are gaining viral popularity in short video dissemination media.
Theatrical adaptations have explored modern political themes.
Many of the cinemas showcased local Indian experiences.
Lifestyle interviews of celebrities are attracting more interest of digital readers.
Producers are spending a lot of money to help make content-rich movies.
The new experience of filmmaking has made viewing easier and more effective.
Audiences found formula-driven cinema more predictable than they had expected.
The lyrics of the song brought about a change in the attitude of the Indian people.
Film narratives have prioritized the experiences of marginalized groups in society.
Actors are choosing projects that align with personal creative values.
Digital storytelling is reshaping the way traditional entertainment is consumed.
Changing film-distribution budgets are meant to benefit audiences.
Cinema's dialogues are widely showcased and preserved.
Compilation albums were shaped by their creators' distinctive style.
The Indian entertainment industry is adapting quickly to digital transformation.
New acting performances have signalled a generational shift in acting styles.
Tollywood's stars are pulling strong box office in both domestic and foreign markets.
Through mass-appeal cinema, audiences across India gained a shared sense of the country.
OTT platforms have transformed the viewing habits of younger urban youth
Famous people's marriages are often controversial.
The film's teasers have created a huge buzz in the digital world within minutes of their release.
Actors are taking up intense roles and challenging the conventional hero concept.
Hyderabad and Bengaluru drew big crowds to their music festivals.
Women-centric films have received critical acclaim and audience appreciation.
Platforms keep expanding their weekly watch lists.
Directors of big films bring rich, people-centred storytelling.
Film promotion is increasingly relying on social media engagement.
Amid changes in filmmaking, conversation turned to the warmth of sibling bonds.
Historical films have captivated audiences for their rich visuals and storytelling.
Films with original stories give directors a strong foundation.
Acclaimed films are screened at festivals around the world.
Fashion celebrities are becoming increasingly popular on digital platforms.
Comedy films are providing relief to the audience in the midst of intense action films.
Classical-fusion music albums have sparked renewed interest.
Many filmgoers have themselves become filmmakers, backing films from different regions.
Courtroom drama films have raised important legal and ethical issues.
Awareness films use storytelling to spread important messages.
Celebrities' charity work has won praise from fans.
Horror films have surged in popularity through fresh storytelling.
The digital revolution has made it easier for people to watch movies in theaters.
Producers were grateful for the screenplay and the amount of footage they filmed.
Regional film collaborations have fostered creative exchanges between different industries.
Written memories of famous people can inspire readers around the world
The winners of the music reality show are getting a chance to mainstream playback music.
The filmmakers brought to the fore the diversity and beauty of the film industry in India.
Following its success, the action film led to remakes.
Actors have undergone rigorous training for tough physical roles.
Family oriented films are dominating the box office during the festive season.
Film-distribution channels are evolving to meet audiences' expectations.
Famous people's friendships and reunions feature in news headlines.
The film's early reception won praise from critics for its on-screen performances.
A film's music and acting earned lasting praise from people in the industry.
Digital media outlets are investing more in regional original content.
Directors have re-explored classic genres with modern story twists.
Theatre producers have made great strides into filmmaking.
The legal battles of famous people have captured the imagination of both the public and the media.
Film production houses have announced ambitious project lists for the coming years.
The remake of the movie did well at the domestic box office.
As the sport grew popular, films were made for the whole family.
The improved quality of dubbing has made films more accessible to audiences in many languages.
The streaming platform has experimented with a smaller episode format.
Endorsements from respected figures can help brands sustain or improve their image.
Film institutes have seen a surge in admissions to creative courses.
Film panels can stir friction when they cut across classical traditions.
Film journalists have noted the shift towards content-centric storytelling.
The South Indian film industry continues to drive the national entertainment genre forward.
Bollywood romance regained attention after audiences had shifted toward action.
Regional films have quietly overtaken mainstream releases through creative storytelling.
Streaming platforms had already raised standards with cleaner content than was shown in cinemas.
Celebrity couples bring status and spending power into the public eye.
Formula films are often panned by film critics.
The characters in the film are often used to illustrate current issues in popular culture.
Music festivals returned, celebrating the joy of performance, not just singing.
Women-led stories have challenged many misconceptions related to the box office.
Remastered movies can continue to attract audiences even after the first weekend's box office numbers drop.
Film festivals raise the profile of both arthouse and crowd-pleasing films.
Nostalgia inspired music has become increasingly popular with audiences in times of distress.
Theatrical adaptations have brought the classics to a new audience in recent times.
Interviews of celebrities have revealed the complex relationship of fame and personal privacy.
Period dramas drew attention for both their dialogue and their visuals.
The debate of originality continues even after the success of the later volumes.
Indie filmmakers use algorithms to crack tricky storytelling problems.
The fashion of celebrities on the red carpet has given rise to huge cultural discussions.
After a long gap, comedy films have made a comeback.
Music albums bring joy and sadness together
Actors have become producers in order to gain recognition in the industry.
Court drama films have reflected the growing distrust in the institutions of society.
Discussions of censorship have highlighted the growing debate between art and power.
Celebrity activity on social media attracts public attention
A thriller film's portrayal of fear left audiences on edge.
Digital releases have changed the way audiences wait and engage.
Film criticism has crossed the threshold of box office numbers to regain relevance.
Collaborations across regions have challenged the linguistic boundaries of cinema.
The memoirs of famous people blur the line between confession and performance.
Satellite television can deliver a wide variety of content.
One million young people are being offered training in artificial intelligence.
Over 100,000 mobile towers have brought 4G and 5G internet to every region of the country.
Fifty thousand new startups have been registered since the start of the financial year.
Reliable deterrence requires domestic manufacturing, stable supply chains, and the ability to operate without external dependencies.
Ten years ago, there were fewer than 500 startups in the country.
A major push was made arguing that those earning up to 12 lakh should not have to pay tax.
A large section of the population in the country did not get enough opportunities.
A young man from Jaipur, Rajasthan, said he worried what would become of smaller communities if the BJP won a third term.
A new law was introduced to help people develop and benefit from marine resources.
A new law was passed to support those who fish along the rivers.
A key point of the document is its emphasis on building tools for protection and on the value of creativity.
The recent court verdict exposed how much the BJP has gained from an opaque system of campaign money.
A loan of 12 crore has been provided for the first phase of the project
Beyond its own earnings, India also secured the backing of several countries to move ahead.
After Operation Sindoor, demand surged for the raw materials used in India's defence manufacturing.
After the events in Dibrugarh, Shah will travel to Dhemaji district to take part in the cultural festival of the Mising tribe.
As new measures were announced, people spoke up in public forums.
Aizawl in Mizoram and New Delhi are now connected by a direct rail line.
All results will be counted and updated on the 4th day of June.
Different sporting formats keep evolving, and as times change, people's outlook changes with them.
A route was established from Chennai in India to Vladivostok and the polar region.
And goods worth 17 lakh crore rupees were produced.
Despite many arguments and proposals, some still insist the community has done no wrong.
Despite many global obstacles, India keeps advancing its standing in the world.
India and the EEU agreed to advance negotiations on a free trade agreement.
And we found it beautiful, she said, speaking about the place.
As for the chips, there is another big sector that my government has started to work on in mission mode.
Beyond nuclear energy, India is also advancing to the forefront of solar power.
A woman from the rural hill community earned a household income of 2.5 lakh.
As a result of my government's policies, people's incomes increased.
As a result, over 250 million people were lifted out of poverty in the past decade.
As a result, oilseed production increased in 2024-2025.
As a result, work has also changed dramatically.
As a result, every rupee of taxpayers' money goes toward the country's development and welfare.
As a new voter, I hope this development brings more good work and equal opportunity for the whole country.
Since 2014, social-security schemes have reached over 25 crore citizens.
At the same time, it has stayed firmly committed to the 'India First' mission.
My government has a balanced foreign policy with a forward-thinking vision.
Despite the allegations against him, the Bharatiya Janata Party is expected to expand its parliamentary majority.
With the opposition weak, the BJP goes into the election from a strong position.
Both documents narrow down the objectives, prioritize domestic security, and frame partnerships in practical terms.
Manipur should not be ignored; the state has been in turmoil since 2023.
China, too, remains a principal external concern, one that has grown more apparent in recent times.
Citizens are also clamouring for India's metro network to expand.
Citizens recall the great work of earlier generations and their ancestors.
Civil Aviation and tourism are also a topic of discussion. We still want to see more Russian tourists in India.
The first 25 years of this century were filled with successes, remarkable achievements, and extraordinary experiences.
According to the previous election date, assembly elections in Assam are likely to be held before Bihu this time.
Critics accused the BJP government of using state tools to target political opponents and imprison them.
The growth of cruise tourism has also boosted tourism in areas near rivers and coasts.
Deepfakes, disinformation, and fake content pose a significant threat to democracy, social harmony, and public trust.
Defence cooperation is presented as reciprocal, conditional and grounded in shared effort, not political symbolism.
Defence exports also hit a record 23,000 crore rupees.
The protection of territory, borders, and critical infrastructure has been considered the main goal of military operations.
Despite many global crises, India remains the fastest-growing major economy in the world.
In the last 11 years, more than 7,200 kilometres of National Highways have been built in the North-Eastern region.
In the past decade, over 4 crore pucca houses were built for the poor.
In just the last year, India built around 18,000 kilometres of new rural roads.
In the last year, 2.5 crore patients received free medical treatment under the scheme.
Last year, 1 crore new homes received tap-water connections.
Last year, my government provided permanent jobs to lakhs of young people through many employment fairs.
My government's drive to empower the poor has gained even stronger momentum in its third term.
Earlier there were only five national waterways in India; now this number has crossed 100.
The 2026 elections will mark a pivotal year for democratic processes in India and around the world.
This year, Assam's election falls before Bihu.
Electoral bonds have faced criticism for their lack of transparency.
It does not provide a broad overview of some of the larger regional arrangements.
Europe agreed to open avenues for technology, joint development and the diversification of defence relationships.
Despite these challenging circumstances, India is making great strides on the path of development.
Even amid global turmoil, people trust India for their essential needs.
Historic reforms in the Goods and Services Tax regime have generated enthusiasm among citizens.
This is because Narendra Modi's party benefited from a controversial financing scheme.
For years, the country's workforce was caught between myriad labour laws.
The implications for India become clear only in the context of the wider region.
The message for India is clear: deterrence, capability and resilience are not optional choices.
A survey predicts 80 seats for the Congress, down from 97 in its August 2025 edition.
To win the election, an alliance must secure more than 400 seats.
Surveys put the INDIA bloc's vote share at around 39%.
For many years, 126 of the country's districts were plagued by insecurity, fear and mistrust.
From the cultural point of view, India is one of the richest countries in the world.
Thanks to these reforms, the country's youth and women will benefit greatly.
Through large welfare schemes, India is being recognized as a rising power among world leaders.
Real time information, important dates, voting methods and verified news can be accessed at one place.
The government is also focusing on nutrition, health, and education.
Thanks to the government's progressive outlook and policies, women are advancing in every sector of the country.
It is estimated that the electronics manufacturing sector alone created over 25 lakh new jobs.
There have also been allegations of an increase in attacks on opposition leaders ahead of the elections.
Homeland security and the Western Hemisphere are high on the agenda.
Hospitals and healthcare facilities in Agartala can be greatly improved for women and children.
The important part of the discussion was how to put in place a long-term mechanism in this regard.
The United States has learned to manage power, risk and responsibility in a changing international system.
Sadly, after foreign invasions and years of neglect since independence, this priceless heritage has suffered great loss.
Even years after colonial rule ended, owing to neglect, about 95 percent of India's trade still moves on foreign ships.
But the released data does not map the buyers and recipients of electoral bonds.
Vaishnaw, however, said the government's actions further undermined the opposition.
I am confident that every citizen will fulfil their duties in the national interest and for the country's welfare.
I commend everyone for this historic reform.
I would like to congratulate all citizens on concluding the negotiations for a free trade agreement with the European Union.
I would like to congratulate the honourable members of parliament for organizing this special discussion.
I believe that this corridor should progress in the interest of the global economy.
I believe the clearest thing to emerge today is that India-Russia relations remain very stable and strong.
I think we continue to value a special and privileged strategic partnership.
I will vote for Congress because that is the only solution to tackle BJP's divisive politics.
The country's fish production has increased by about 200 lakh tonnes in the last one year.
In 2025, several more semiconductor manufacturing units were approved.
India's defence production will reach 1.5 lakh crore rupees in 2025.
In 2025, India's total metro network crossed the 1,000-kilometre mark.
In mobile manufacturing, India has become the second largest in the world.
Under my government's policy, the security forces have also worked hard against Maoist terror.
In the coming years, our country will move towards establishing an Indian Space Station in space.
One day, he set out to visit the BJP headquarters in Guwahati, Assam.
In milk production, India is renowned as a leading nation.
In the first quarter of this year, the value of India's smart-card market surged.
Last year, a record food grain production of more than 350 million tonnes was achieved in India.
Historically, India has been a major player in the global shipping industry.
In the future, every part of society will be shaped by vision.
At the US-India trade talks, PM Modi's government stood up for the welfare of farmers.
India has become the third-largest startup ecosystem in the world in the past decade.
In this way, we all benefit from one another's support, partnership and care.
Along the way, the DoW would empower groups to speak out on Trump's approach.
Despite all this, the US stance over the past two decades has not silenced India's voice.
Even so, the communities reached another major milestone, just two or three days earlier.
In times of crisis, India has always been there to lend a helping hand.
Given the potential for AI to be misused for harm, it is vital to recognise the dangers and stay alert.
In a world where major powers have long been entrenched, the emergence of new ones is increasingly rare.
India has also set good examples through its actions.
India has long earned recognition for serving its people through grassroots democracy and outreach.
In the midst of a global political and economic crisis, India has made steady progress.
India has put major effort into its bid to host the Commonwealth Games 2030.
India has forged new alliances and strengthened diplomatic ties with many countries in Africa and Latin America, and has also strengthened its ties with former colonies.
India kept inflation under control and further improved its record.
India is yet to express its unequivocal condemnation of Russia's invasion of Ukraine.
India has also shown that it can wield its strength responsibly and for good.
India will host the global AI Impact Summit, bringing the entire international community onto one platform.
India is also working hard to develop nano-chips at home.
India is also advancing toward becoming one of the world's major economic powers.
India would immediately remove or reduce tariffs on all US industrial goods and many other US products.
India's digital independence and data privacy have been much debated.
India's election commission released data on political funding worth many millions of dollars.
India's election is the greatest exercise of democracy in the world.
India's electronics sector is growing rapidly.
Despite widespread concern in the West, India's crude-oil imports from Russia have remained high.
Since Modi came to power in 2014, India's press freedom ranking has fallen by more than 20 places.
The state of India's soil, water and air quality has long been discussed worldwide.
India's security challenge, bound up with China's rise, will be shaped above all by the readiness of its own forces.
Indias share in global investment and exports is growing.
India's youth cricket team won its first World Cup.
It has played a significant role in Indian energy security.
Schemes like Mudra Yojana are boosting entrepreneurship and self-employment among young people.
There have been allegations that instead of protecting national interests, the government has compromised freedoms and information privacy.
This makes it clear in what strategic environment India needs to operate.
I was deeply honoured to address both Houses of Parliament together.
She won 44% of the vote in the 2024 election.
This is giving a new impetus to the country's economy.
That made it easier to reach the market, the hospital and the school.
The World Health Organization declared India free of trachoma, a serious eye disease.
India has long taken pride in its balance, impartiality and commitment to people's rights.
Both India and Russia are benefiting immensely from this relationship.
The government gives direct support to poor and middle-class families.
It is important for all of you to reflect on this big issue.
It is not about roads and lights, but about how the country is run.
It is through the spirit of fearlessness that the security of the nation can be ensured.
It also fell short of the 58% rating it had earned in the August 2025 MOTN survey.
This is 105 percent higher than in 2014.
It will improve research and testing work and help formulate better policies for wildlife conservation.
This will help curb the corruption and leakage that have troubled governments for years.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Vladimir Putin have spoken often, Jaishankar said.
Jaishankar said the two had a very productive discussion.
Jaishankar said that the North-South Transport Corridor is important in the interest of the entire global economy.
A January 2026 survey was conducted, ahead of the upcoming Lok Sabha election.
With this in mind, the Bharatiya Nyaya Sanhita is being implemented rapidly.
Last month, the Supreme Court struck down electoral bonds as improper.
Lavrov also said that Russia supported India's candidacy for the presidency of the Group of Twenty (G20).
All Members of Parliament must work for the nation's welfare and weigh every matter in the national interest.
Many of the world's oldest energy equations are also changing.
It is also important to take part in Haryana's assembly polls.
The crisis must be resolved through diplomacy and dialogue.
Persuasion, quiet pressure and the occasional use of force can all serve as strategic tools.
Maoist ideology has pushed the future of many generations into darkness.
There are currently no plans for a new military platform or deployment.
Modi gained ground ahead of the election, with India's first moon landing expected next month.
Modi spoke of respect, dignity and dismantling old prejudices.
Modis own popularity as a strong populist leader has also played a major role.
His strong position was built on his Hindu nationalist agenda.
More than 20 lakh artisans and craftsmen have been provided training and bank assistance across the country.
More than 80 thousand crore rupees have been invested in the development of railways in the North East.
This year, it has a budget of 6 lakh crore rupees.
As a result, outdated maritime laws have been modernised to meet today's needs.
MOSCOW: The India-Russia summit highlighted their global political ties, cooperation on development, and mutual respect.
My presence today and the developments mentioned, including our growing trade, are proof of that.
New fields such as semiconductors, green energy and green hydrogen are creating fresh opportunities.
India now has the world's third-largest metro network.
Today, every village in India is connected by road.
Now, for the first time since independence, people have a real chance to speak out against the government.
Today, my government is working to preserve a vast reservoir of knowledge.
Space tourism is also no longer an impossibility for India.
Today, the North-Eastern region too is enjoying great prosperity.
The matter of nuclear energy still needs a great deal of work.
New laws and provisions, suited to the times, keep evolving.
On the one hand, the strategy is to counter the Trump administration's messaging.
In terms of geopolitical interests and since it is mutually beneficial to both sides.
My government is spending over one lakh crore rupees on these two programmes.
60 thousand crore rupees have been spent under the Pradhan Mantri Setu Yojana for this purpose.
1,000 ITIs are being incubated to upgrade the ITI network in the country.
Our Constitution also inspires us in the same spirit.
Our country, too, has become a major centre of manufacturing.
We thank our Indian counterparts for seeking a workable path to tackle global problems.
Our country is the cradle of ancient civilisation.
Our youth, tribal and Dalit communities have all made great progress.
Across these three districts too, conditions have improved.
More than 20 lakh youth are employed in the entrepreneurship network in India.
In the past 10-11 years, India has strengthened the foundations of its people across every sphere.
In the past 11 years, electronics manufacturing has increased sixfold.
In the past 11 years, post-matric scholarships have been approved for students of Scheduled Caste.
Over the past 11 years, the country's economic foundation has grown much stronger.
In the last decade, reforms have been made in every system related to sports in India.
Over the years, my government has invested more than 50 lakh crore rupees in modern infrastructure development.
Culture is often framed around contribution and growth.
For those who missed it, you can still order at the Jagdalpur Pandum Cafe.
Plans are already in place for the first 100 days of the third term.
I am happy to share that this initiative has attracted private investment of over 1.25 lakh crore rupees so far.
The PM, a dynamic leader, said our country has given due honour to every Indian, the world over.
In the last year, 32 lakh new houses have been handed over to the poor.
The first is the nation's aspiration: to build a sense of community and bring people together through shared effort.
Former Congress party leader Rahul Gandhi conceded defeat to Modi in the last two elections.
Earlier, India's startups had already been operating for some ten years.
Two wheeler vehicle registrations have crossed two crore, which is a new record in itself.
Price rise of everyday items due to inflation may go against BJP in polls.
Russia, India and Iran agreed in 2000 to build the North-South multimodal transport corridor.
Self-reliance in making microchips is vital, linking manufacturing with future technologies.
Shah also laid the foundation stone for the Wildlife Health and Research Institute in Dinjan district.
Shah will lay the foundation stone of the second phase of the sports complex.
Meanwhile, the blind women's cricket team also won the World Cup.
So far, 60,000 youth have been trained for semiconductor industry.
Currently, more than 300 provisions relating to criminal offences have been repealed.
Currently, around 20 lakh rooftop solar systems have been installed.
The right to strike is a fundamental right that everyone may exercise, regardless of background.
Soon, semiconductor chips made in Assam became a lifeline for electronic products worldwide.
He spoke at a joint media appearance after the meeting with Lavrov.
He made these remarks while speaking to the media at a cheque distribution function at Sotai in Jorhat district.
Stability with China is being sought through deterrent capacity and conformity, not forward expansionism.
This will help build robust health infrastructure in the North-Eastern region.
Such is the BJP's confidence that Modi has set a target of winning over 370 seats.
The fact that this strategy paper does not mention India and the "Quad" does not mean that their importance has diminished.
The funding given to the BJP far exceeds that given to any other political party.
Assam's 126-seat assembly election is expected in March-April.
Work on Atal's new construction project is progressing well.
The BJP government has also been criticised for undermining press freedom and suppressing critical media.
Modi's BJP government holds a grand vision for the country and its neighbours.
The BJP leadership has now paved the way for a 'popular government' in Manipur.
The BJP's messaging has also leaned heavily on the theme of economic growth.
The BJP's central campaign slogan is 'Modi ki guarantee'.
Today, the major towns of Arunachal Pradesh, Tripura and Mizoram are linked by broad-gauge rail lines.
India's people must move forward, out of love for the nation and to safeguard the dignity of the Constitution.
Congress members say the ruling party has frozen large sums of taxpayers' money.
By translating the Constitution into Santhali, my government addressed the tribal community's concerns.
The country's food-production capacity has risen 20-fold, helping farmers earn well from their produce.
At the same time, the country's manufacturing sector also reached record levels.
Through the Anusandhan National Research Foundation, a strong culture of research is being built.
Data shows that in the run-up to the elections, the BJP has a huge financial advantage over other parties.
In a short time, Maoist terror in the country was almost wiped out.
Defence strategy translates political objectives into military planning, capability development and resource allocation.
Delhi's chief minister and head of the Aam Aadmi Party.
Thursday's bond details revealed that several major bond donors are under investigation.
This document sets out the principles guiding the core of the US's strategic commitments.
This document refrains from presenting itself as a competition for the global order by not using idealistic language.
Analysts say India is heading into one of its most predictable elections in years.
Now the year's most reassuring statistics bear this out.
With the rise of Digital India, the country has become a major global hub, generating crores of rupees.
Foreign Minister S. Jaishankar spoke during wide-ranging talks with Russia.
The aim of the government is to reduce the import of agricultural products.
The effects of today's decisions will be felt for decades to come.
Indian Railways, serving rich and poor alike, is working hard toward 100% electrification.
Since 2019, money-laundering allegations have dogged the lottery firm Future Gaming and a hotel business.
The main opposition party, the Indian National Congress, received 14 billion rupees through the scheme.
India's manufacturing and service sectors have created new jobs for the country's young people.
After the Pahalgam attack, the military responded forcefully against Pakistan, and India did not bend to Trump's hardline tactics.
The NDA's vote share is projected to increase from 46.7 per cent to 47 per cent.
The recent G20 Summit in New Delhi reflected the depth of India's foreign policy.
According to reports, the party's 'vote chori' charge against the BJP did not gain much traction with the public.
The objective is to avoid conflict and to manage competition at an acceptable cost.
The opposition claimed the BJP had won a clear majority.
The written statement of the outcome reflects the economic balance.
The party raised over 60 billion rupees (about £570m), more than any other party.
The Prime Minister's presence will help in reassuring the people of Manipur.
Last year was a year to remember for India's rapid development and celebration of heritage.
The project's aim was to source materials from India.
The cooperation between India and Russia is very good.
The 2026 US National Defence Strategy (NDS) has raised questions about India's road ahead.
There is an acknowledgement that the rupee may not perform as per expectations and may continue to face pressure in the coming times as well.
Megha Engineering, another major bond donor, is also under investigation by the authorities.
The state assembly elections will be held just before Rongali Bihu.
The state government also wants to hold the elections before the Bihu festival.
The strategy provides that external intervention shall be selective and conditional.
It is made clear that the United States will cooperate with other countries in this strategy.
While the economic fundamentals remain strong, the Survey raises some concerns.
The suspension of the Indus Waters Treaty is part of India's struggle against terrorism.
Despite the Russian invasion of Ukraine, India-Russia relations remain strong.
The real success of any justice system lies in creating a sense of security among the citizens.
The Sides also discussed cooperation in the Russian Far East.
The two sides also have an extremely important relationship in terms of investments made by India in Russia.
Voting began at 8 a.m. on Friday across 102 constituencies nationwide.
The improvement in the performance of our daughters and Divyang citizens is really commendable.
The whole country has witnessed the transformation of Maoist-affected areas.
The world witnessed the valour and prowess of India's armed forces during Operation Sindoor.
The country's youth have embraced the cause of a self-reliant India (Atmanirbhar Bharat), Swadeshi and Make in India.
His policies were framed around communal politics, against the very idea of India.
In 2024-25, there was record production of food grains and horticultural crops.
There has been great enthusiasm among people for 'Swadeshi'.
At least 45 percent of these startups have at least one woman director.
There was no immediate reaction to the Congress leader's remarks from the Prime Minister's Office.
He also said that Assam's political situation was changing.
There is no doubt that the government tried every means to arrange the election to its own advantage.
Creating conditions for establishing a balance of power in the Indo-Pacific region.
Moreover, the nation is now advancing with the mantra of women-led development.
Accordingly, the National Education Policy was framed to meet both present and future needs.
These give tribal children a quality education and a better future.
These efforts play an important role in preserving India's knowledge heritage and making it accessible to people.
These partnerships are not a substitute for national capability but a multiplier of strength.
These reforms give poor and middle-class families unprecedented benefits.
These artefacts are now open to the public for display.
These projects helped millions of poor people in difficult times.
In its many forms, the strategic perspective keeps its fundamental aim.
They are still divided as there is no consensus on leadership and seat sharing.
From this viewpoint, India's stance on the unfolding events in Ukraine and its neighbourhood is also distinctive.
This approach is consistent with the National Security Strategy published in December.
As a result, India's minorities have been adversely affected and have increasingly become victims of oppression.
This includes state assembly elections, local body elections, and by-elections.
This remains a major responsibility for India too.
It shows that internal security and military planning are interlinked.
It reflects the lessons of recent conflicts and the long-term competition among major powers.
It shows the accelerated need for military capability development.
Through this, one can better understand the importance and value we place on this relationship.
This year they have already met six times, and this is their seventh meeting.
People who are lagging behind are the priority of my government.
Through Macaulay's design, a sense of inferiority was instilled in India's people during colonial rule.
Through the joint efforts of India's youth and its government, the country is witnessing unprecedented progress in sport.
Through the national mission on critical minerals, dependence on foreign countries for essential minerals is being reduced.
Crores of citizens in need of assistance are getting insurance cover through these schemes.
To make the creative economy more dynamic, this government launched a new platform called WAVES.
Today every citizen can see that India is at an important stage of its future journey.
Today, along with food grain production, farmers are getting connected to new economic sectors like animal husbandry and bee keeping.
Today, India is making unprecedented investments in modern infrastructure.
Today, through its broad role and active participation, India is fulfilling important responsibilities in various global bodies.
Today, it has crossed the threshold of Rs. 11 lakh crore.
Today, nearly 2 lakh startups have been registered.
At present, a new horizon of progress is opening up in the coastal regions of West Bengal and Odisha.
Today, products made in the spirit of 'Make in India' are reaching various global markets.
Today, the mindset of technology and innovation is being inculcated in children from the school level.
Today, the country is working to bring prosperity to every region while preserving its own cultural heritage.
Today, a positive change can also be seen in the minds of India's youth.
These show that the United States, while strong, is more selective in its use of force.
This year, the two leaders met at the annual summit. Their relationship is very strong and stable.
The ongoing conflict has led to increased uncertainty in both global stability and the economy.
Modi said India will rise to the top, and that we should take pride in our culture and our roots.
Following the PLI scheme, investment of nearly 2 lakh crore rupees has been received so far.
More than 24 thousand crore rupees have been paid as claims under these schemes.
More than 38 lakh crore rupees have been given to small entrepreneurs under this scheme.
Through this scheme, more than 3.5 crore new jobs have been created.
More than 20 thousand tribal villages have been developed under this scheme.
Through this scheme, 4 lakh crore rupees have so far been deposited directly into people's bank accounts.
The Union Home Minister virtually inaugurated several projects for the restoration and revival of Assam's wetlands.
The United States does not intend to organize security in Asia through formal military alliances.
There has been unprecedented focus on connectivity development in the region.
Regional countries will have to increase their respective military strength if the United States is to limit its commitments.
Using its own resources, our country has destroyed the base of terrorists.
We also discussed connectivity; from western India through the International North-South Transport Corridor.
We are pleased that this trade keeps reaching new heights.
We reached $50 billion in turnover last year, and we aim to take it even higher this year.
There have been talks of energy, fertilisers and cooking coal being important parts of our trade.
We discussed mutual investments and a much-needed forthcoming bilateral investment agreement.
Areas where cooperation with Russia has the potential to enhance India's polar capabilities were also discussed.
The number of flights from India is being increased every week.
We need a strong opposition. In that situation, voting against the BJP is a revolutionary act.
We have no railways here, only industrial-zone infrastructure.
What place do the Indo-Pacific, China and India hold in American strategic thinking?
The important thing is for this trade to become more consistent and sustainable.
The dreams of a nation are the dreams of its youth, which are fulfilled by the youth.
When we honour our own culture and heritage, the world honours us in turn.
Whether you need voter information or want to check results, this is your one-stop hub for the 2026 election.
This was possible because the G-20 Presidency did not allow the final document to become a unilateral document.
Those who flout and break the election rules are then held to account, even by the judiciary.
Last year, 27 opposition parties, including the Congress, came together to form an alliance called "India."
By finalising agreements with the UK and the European Union, Modi's standing grew both at home and abroad.
Although some prominent BJP figures spoke on the matter personally, the party denied that this was its intent.
Surveys show that Modi remains, by a wide margin, India's most popular political leader.
India has become the world's largest rice producer with a production of 150 million tonnes.
With all these efforts, India will definitely achieve the target of 500 GigaWatts of renewable energy capacity.
Thanks to my government's tireless efforts, nearly 95 crore Indians now have social-security coverage.
Thanks to my government's efforts, over 1 crore young people have found jobs in IT services.
Election officials expect the polling could be updated at any time.
As many new areas develop across the country, it is equally important to safeguard the interests of essential workers.
With my government implementing many new rules, many new areas of the country are moving ahead.
With the help of these cards, about 8 lakh senior citizens are getting free treatment.
With the beginning of 2026, the country enters the second phase of this century.
With this belief, I extend my best wishes to all the members for the success of the upcoming Parliament session.
Women too are included within these plans.
Workers receive good wages and allowances, along with other good benefits.
You all know that the earth is passing through a time of great upheaval.
You are in Assam today; Manipur is just an hour away. Please go there too.
Pakistan refused the call for a public boycott.
