The firm belly and the soft: why the shape of your belly is an important warning sign for your health
Shark Tank India judge Kunal Bahl spoke about the 'ever-shrinking window over time' that startups have to launch
Hyderabad general practitioner says daily meals are not necessary for all healthy adults
Genes can affect your longevity, no matter how unhealthy you may be.
Why Alfia Jafry's water-purification method is a great practice for your stomach health
How far should the elderly walk each day?
A pediatrician shares the real horror of a 16-year-old boy with a tumor on the right side of his neck
Varun Dhawan recalls the neck injury he sustained while shooting the film Border 2.
After switching from Metformin to insulin, what positive change did you see?
An orthopedic surgeon examines the case of a woman with lower-abdominal pain that was mistaken for a menstrual disorder
Why your snoring during sleep may be a warning sign about your vitamin D
The doctor described unusual signs such as frequent vomiting, chills, mood changes, and the body reacting when run down
A cancer specialist said oral cancer is related to skin cancer
The surgeon said that far more people die from untreated stones than from the surgery performed to treat them.
Makeup artist Namrata Soni explains why multi-step skincare won't work in India
Should we take Vitamin B12 supplements on an empty stomach?
Abhay Deol reveals how stem cell therapy helped him after years of battling a skin condition
A gastroenterologist explains how this gentle exercise helps ward off acid reflux, a kind of stomach discomfort.
How an anti-inflammatory diet cured Aamir Khan's headache and helped him lose 18 kg weight
My water has been really bad these past few days, like acid. What could possibly be the problem?
Why your fabric softener may be a major cause of indoor air pollution
The World Health Organization has launched a global initiative to strengthen pandemic preparedness in all member countries.
The United States government has increased federal funding for cancer research through the country's national health agencies.
The European Union's health ministers agreed on a series of measures to improve screening methods for sexually transmitted diseases.
Japan has adopted a new policy to reduce the burden of health care costs on the elderly.
Britain has introduced a nationwide vaccination program to provide broader protection against mental illnesses.
China has invested heavily in building public healthcare facilities to improve access to health services.
The World Bank has announced financial support to strengthen healthcare systems in low-income countries.
Australia's health authorities have introduced updated guidelines for the management of mental health conditions.
Germany has developed health protocols to improve cooperation between hospitals and primary care providers.
Canada has launched a nationwide initiative to reduce waiting times for surgery in public hospitals.
Brazil has expanded its community health services to improve access in remote and underserved areas.
The World Health Organization has warned that the rising resistance of germs (antimicrobial resistance) poses a global public health threat.
France has allocated significant funding for health research focused on rare diseases.
South Korea has deployed new smart devices to speed up the detection of diseases.
The African Union's health leaders have coordinated efforts to boost the capacity to manufacture vaccines across the region.
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration has approved a new gene therapy for a rare genetic disorder.
Italy has implemented changes to improve its public health system.
Global health experts have highlighted the issue of overpopulation at the World Health Assembly.
Spain has launched a telemedicine service to improve access to healthcare in rural areas.
The World Health Organization has emphasized the equitable distribution of vaccines at the global health forum.
India and several other countries have joined forces in an effort to improve the effectiveness of TB treatment.
Mexico has launched nationwide surveillance programs to detect the virus at an early stage.
Japan increased its healthcare spending to address staff shortages in hospitals.
The United Nations has called for drastic measures to protect the elderly worldwide.
Sweden has invested heavily in disease-care programs to reduce long-term mortality.
Scientists from around the world have released new data on the effect of climate change on global health.
The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has updated its health recommendations for travel.
Pharmaceutical companies around the world have increased their investments in research and development of vaccines.
The World Health Organization has launched a global campaign to improve maternal health outcomes.
South Africa has strengthened its HIV prevention programmes by expanding its public health services.
Argentina has expanded the public's access to essential medicines through changes to the country's healthcare system.
The European Medicines Agency has approved a new drug for the prevention of infectious diseases.
Global health organizations have raised concerns about the decline in childhood vaccination.
Norway has improved its mental health services across the board by increasing public funding.
The United Nations has supported the rebuilding of healthcare facilities in conflict-affected areas.
Singapore has introduced digital health solutions to improve cancer management.
Experts in the global health arena have emphasized the need for programs to rapidly detect infectious diseases.
The World Health Organization has developed updated guidelines for the management of noncommunicable diseases.
New Zealand has expanded its training of healthcare workers to meet the growing future demand.
The United States has announced policy changes to improve maternal care.
Global health leaders emphasized the expansion of healthcare during the World Health Assembly.
Thailand has stepped up primary care services to reduce overcrowding at hospitals.
The International Committee of the Red Cross has organized relief efforts all over the world.
Denmark has announced national plans to introduce health screenings to prevent disease.
Scientists around the world have demonstrated a breakthrough in developing vaccines to protect against several emerging diseases.
Chile has invested in upgrading its public hospitals to improve patient care.
The World Health Organization has identified mental health as a key goal of global development.
International students have donated large sums of money for the purpose of obtaining medical attention in emergency situations.
The Netherlands has introduced services to care for the elderly.
Global health agencies have agreed on measures to curb the rising incidence of cancer.
Four out of ten cancers worldwide could be prevented
WHO launched an emergency appeal in 2026 to help millions of people in emergency and critical situations
Reclassifying medicines to strengthen emergency preparedness
The World Health Organization has issued a global appeal for up to 1 billion dollars to support 36 critical health emergencies by 2026.
Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus said that the 2026 health aid appeal is a strategic investment in global stability, not merely an act of charity.
The World Health Organization aims to reach 30 million people facing humanitarian crises through its emergency funding by 2026.
The funding for the World Health Organization's emergency response will support the operation of 1,370 mobile health facilities around the world.
Health experts identified Afghanistan and Sudan as priority countries for emergency aid in the 2026 fiscal year.
The World Health Organization warned that funding for humanitarian aid around the world has dropped to its lowest level in decades.
Health leaders in Australia and Canada expressed optimism about the growth of the health sector in their review of the 2026 outlook.
The Deloitte 2026 Health Care Outlook shows that 80 percent of healthcare executives have a positive outlook about their organizations.
The Food and Drug Administration has approved sevabertinib for the treatment of HER2-modified skin cancer.
Experts at Bayer announced that sevabertinib proved promising as the first serious treatment for the disease that has spread to other areas.
The Food and Drug Administration has granted orphan-drug status to CPI-008 for the treatment of stomach cancer.
Arbele received orphan-drug status for its research into a therapy that harnesses the body's own antibodies to treat stomach cancer.
A review of the drug indicated that it would accelerate the development of zoldonrasib for patients with KRAS G12D-mutated cancer.
The Food and Drug Administration fast-tracked the PARG inhibitor drug ETX-19477 for the treatment of platinum-resistant cancer.
Eureka Therapeutics has received approval as an investigational drug for its CAR T-cell targeted therapy for stomach cancer.
BioNTech and OncoC4 have demonstrated a significant survival benefit of gotistobart in patients with cancer.
The Food and Drug Administration has cleared the gene therapy KLN-1010 for clinical trials in treating relapsed myeloma.
Global healthcare costs are expected to rise by 10.3 percent in 2026, according to the WTW Global Medical Trends Survey.
Insurers in the Asia Pacific region expect medical costs to rise by 14 percent by the end of 2026.
Britain's Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency has taken the lead in global regulatory reform.
Health sector leaders identified staffing shortages and productivity as their key challenges for fiscal year 2026.
The World Health Organization projects a global shortage of up to 4.5 million healthcare workers by 2030.
Up to 40 percent of public doctors in Britain are considering leaving the profession within five years.
About 30 percent of health organizations worldwide today report that they use artificial intelligence in their daily operations.
Health researchers use 'digital twins' (a computer model that mimics the human body) to practice repairing heart valves before surgery.
An AI tool called 'GI Genius' is highly effective at making sure colon polyps are not missed during a colonoscopy, and can reduce the miss rate of these polyps by up to 50 percent.
The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has approved a new technique called renal denervation, which is a medical technology used to treat high blood pressure.
Hospitals have begun implementing a robust security model they call 'zero-trust architecture' to protect patients' data from the cybersecurity risks emerging these days.
The National Health Service (NHS) in England has begun using an injection that takes only six to seven minutes to treat cancer, replacing an infusion that takes up to an hour.
The Cancer Vaccine Launch Pad in the United Kingdom is an initiative to help connect patients with clinical trials of mRNA cancer vaccines tailored to the needs of each patient.
Researchers have developed a blood protein test that can identify up to 18 types of cancer in its early stages.
Healthcare and medication costs (medical inflation) in Latin America could rise to 11.9 percent by 2026.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has set the goal of eradicating lymphatic filariasis (foot disease) in the Americas by 2030.
Scientists at MIT have developed an AI called "Sybil" that can predict the risk of lung cancer up to six years in advance.
The 2026 Health Emergency Appeal aims to vaccinate at least 5 million children in vulnerable areas.
Healthcare groups have begun extending care to neighborhood clinics and home visits to reduce the burden on hospitals.
The Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (MHRA) has issued new guidance for users of apps and technologies related to mental health.
Scientists in Bangladesh are investigating a virus from bats called "Pteropine orthoreovirus" among patients with respiratory infections.
The Rockefeller Foundation is investigating the impact on people of health funding cuts in 93 countries.
Global military spending exceeds $2.5 trillion a year, while funding for health emergencies continues to decline.
The World Health Organization reports that one in six bacterial infections worldwide no longer responds to antibiotics.
Scientists have discovered that chronic stress damages the lining that protects the gut (gut lining) by reducing the activity of a protein called 'Reelin'.
Experts have found that chronic stress damages the skin that protects the stomach by depleting its supply of the protein Reelin.
A study of more than 2 million adults found that cerebral amyloid angiopathy (which involves blood clots in the brain) is one of the leading causes of dementia.
Researchers in Australia have completed a Phase II trial of a drug made from carbohydrates that can treat severe sepsis.
The "Pan American Health Organization" is developing new methods to track mosquito-borne diseases.
Public health officials are strengthening the WHO Global Traditional Medicine Centre to lead evidence-based research.
The Cigna Group has found that cancer is a frontline issue that poses a significant cost in terms of insurance (medical claims) for workers worldwide.
The United Nations is currently developing recommendations for mental health education in primary schools in developing countries.
Medical technologists are developing smart pills that can tell by electronic means whether a patient has taken the drug or not.
Johnson & Johnson has developed the VARIPULSE Plus Platform to improve the accuracy of heart rhythm treatment.
The 'NUVISION NAV Ultrasound Catheter' has become the first '4D' imaging device that can be integrated with 3D mapping of the heart.
Clinical trials are underway to examine whether 'epigenetic clocks' can determine the rate of aging of the human body.
Insurance companies are increasing premiums for fertility and family planning because of the rising global demand.
The deployment of 5G technology has enabled doctors to perform surgery using remote robots even when they are located in another country.
According to the American Heart Association, the risk of heart disease among men begins to rise rapidly after the age of 35.
The Gambia's Supreme Court is reconsidering the ban on female genital mutilation following a series of protests.
Researchers have found that burning plastics in the home is a major hidden threat to health in developing regions.
Bamboo is being investigated by scientists as a sustainable superfood because of its high amount of nutrients and fiber.
A new, side-effect-free sugar substitute is undergoing regulatory review for sale worldwide.
The group 'Project HOPE' is working to close the gap in childhood vaccination in conflict-affected areas such as Ukraine.
Intelligent AI applications are being developed to recognize the signs of depression and anxiety in at least 50 different languages.
The cost of cystic fibrosis drugs dropped sharply after successful negotiations in poor countries.
A global DNA study has revealed that hidden bacteria make diabetic foot difficult to treat.
Scientists have discovered that the human brain produces the words we speak using precise patterns, identified with intelligent AI techniques.
The "2026 Global Medical Tourism Summit" will focus on developing the most attractive medical tourism destinations in Southeast Asia.
Researchers have found that helping to care for grandchildren greatly helps keep the elderly's mind sharp and wards off memory loss.
Health experts warn that there are toxic disinfectants that are sold as miracle cures in many countries.
Pharmaceutical companies are preparing because the patent for obesity drugs expires at the end of 2026.
The NIHR has announced new global health funding to combat chronic diseases in South Asian countries.
Doctors are using hyper-personalized medicine based on each person's genetic profile to treat cancer.
Hospitals are using predictive analytics to forecast how many patients to expect and to allocate staff accordingly.
WHO encourages the use of insecticide-treated cloth wraps to prevent the spread of malaria among children.
Scientists were able to understand the mechanisms of cancer in order to predict how immunotherapy would work on these tumors.
A new type of medical implant for treating severe depression has shown remarkable success in clinical trials.
The Indian Medical Association (IMA) has introduced new guidelines for telemedicine in rural areas to make healthcare easier to access.
AIIMS Delhi has successfully performed India's first robotic heart surgery on a 65-year-old patient from Rajasthan.
The Ministry of Health has launched a nationwide vaccination campaign to prevent Japanese Encephalitis in the eastern hill states.
Private hospitals in Mumbai reported a 30 percent increase in patient attendance due to seasonal flu.
The Drug Controller General of India has approved three types of diabetes medicines produced by pharmaceutical companies in the country.
Health officials in Kerala have started contact tracing of those who came in contact with the "Nipah virus" patients in Kozhikode.
The National Health Mission has provided increased funding for maternity care programmes in Uttar Pradesh and Bihar.
Doctors at CMC Vellore have developed a novel treatment for those suffering from spinal cord injuries using stem cell therapy.
The Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) has developed innovative diets to combat obesity, which is on the rise in cities.
Health workers in West Bengal received specialized training to care for dengue patients during the monsoon season.
The Government of India has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Germany to collaborate on cancer treatment research.
The pharmaceutical company Cipla has announced that it will manufacture low-cost 'insulin pens' for diabetes patients in rural areas of India.
Medical colleges in Tamil Nadu offered courses based on traditional medicine (Ayurveda) along with courses based on current medicine (allopathy).
The Supreme Court of India has directed the state governments to ensure the availability of adequate oxygen in all government hospitals.
Researchers at the Indian Institute of Science have developed a portable test kit for detecting tuberculosis in remote areas.
The Health Ministry reported that infant mortality has dropped significantly in the states of the Northeast during the past five years.
Researchers in Bangalore have teamed up with technology groups to apply artificial intelligence (AI) in imaging and X-ray technology.
The Central Drugs Standard Control Organization has banned the sale of 14 fixed-dose combinations because they pose a risk to health.
Doctors in Goa have set up free health camps for migrant workers for fear of contracting various diseases.
The "Indian Red Cross Society" has launched blood donation programs in major cities to increase the availability of blood in the "blood banks".
Doctors at Fortis Healthcare were able to separate conjoined twins using 3D technology and precision imaging.
The Ministry of AYUSH has encouraged the combined use of modern medicine along with India's traditional medicine systems.
Health experts warned that bacteria in hospitals in India no longer respond to antibiotics, and called for stricter control over how the drugs are administered.
The National Sample Survey Office conducted a survey on household spending on healthcare in India.
Researchers in Pune have discovered genetic markers in the body that make people in South Asia more susceptible to heart disease.
The "Drug Technical Advisory Board" has encouraged new standards for clinical trials of drugs being developed in India.
Delhi district health authorities have implemented digital patient management systems to reduce long waiting times in government hospitals.
The Indian Nursing Council has released new curriculum for nurses to keep up with the changing world of work.
Doctors specializing in pediatric surgery at Apollo Hospitals successfully treated and transplanted the liver of a six-month-old baby from Afghanistan.
The Ministry of Health has developed mobile medical units to deliver healthcare to remote communities in Odisha.
A team of cardiologists in Chennai has developed minimally invasive procedures to treat coronary artery disease using robotic arms.
India's Food and Drug Administration (FDA) has made labeling mandatory for over-the-counter painkillers.
Medical students at JIPMER received training in emergency and trauma care.
The National Health Authority has enhanced the effectiveness of the "Pradhan Mantri Jan Arogya Yojana" (PMJAY) by integrating it with other innovative healthcare solutions.
Doctors at Tata Memorial Hospital have started new clinical trials on "immunotherapy" to treat patients with advanced lung cancer.
Health officials in Gujarat have implemented surveillance measures to track waterborne diseases during the summer season.
The Indian Pharmaceutical Alliance has called for amending patent laws to facilitate access to essential medicines for chronic diseases.
Doctors at NIMHANS Bangalore have pioneered a technique called 'deep brain stimulation' to treat Parkinson's disease in the elderly.
The Central Government has allocated emergency funding to upgrade hospitals and healthcare facilities in the regions most affected by the COVID-19 pandemic.
Technology teams in Hyderabad have developed mobile apps to remotely monitor patients' health and ensure they take their prescription medication on time.
The "Medical Council of India" has introduced new assessment methods to assess the competence of undergraduate medical students.
Orthopedic surgeons in Jaipur have successfully performed joint replacements using indigenously made instruments.
The department of "Biotechnology" has funded research projects to develop indigenous vaccines against tropical diseases.
Mental health professionals across India have urged the government to spend more on mental health treatment and counselling services.
The Central Bureau of Investigation has launched an investigation into fake medical degrees obtained from unaccredited institutions.
Respiratory doctors in Kolkata reported that the incidence of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD) has increased due to air pollution.
The National Institute of Virology has confirmed that it is able to conduct laboratory "tests" on new viral diseases affecting animals and humans.
Health economists have studied the high financial burden on households in India due to noncommunicable diseases (NCDs).
The Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology has encouraged the availability of digital health records to streamline healthcare.
Dermatologists in Mumbai wrote that skin cancer tends to develop in workers who work outdoors, where they are highly exposed to ultraviolet radiation.
Bollywood's box office has performed poorly, as most big-budget films have failed to earn well worldwide.
South Indian films have gained popularity across India by producing highly profitable movies.
Newspapers witness tremendous growth in local languages
Veteran actor announced his comeback after a long hiatus, much to the delight of fans
The film industry continues to focus on ticket prices, which greatly affects viewers
Bollywood's new songs have revived nostalgia among audiences across generations.
International film festivals showcase India's strengths in various fields
Young performers dominate the preliminary rounds with pieces praised by the judges
The remake sparked controversy over originality in mainstream Hindi films
The awards season highlights diverse storytelling across films and web series.
Bollywood weddings dominate the news cycle throughout the holiday season.
Filmmakers receive praise for their impressive performances on the big screen
Women-led films have seen steady growth across all markets
Changes in the health of celebrities are inspiring fans across all digital platforms
Directors experiment with unconventional narratives, challenging traditional storytelling methods
The songs came back strong, inspiring people in the wake of the pandemic
Star kids face intense scrutiny over their debut opportunities in the film industry
Biographical films attract audiences seeking genuinely inspiring stories
OTT content is outperforming theatrical releases in terms of audience engagement
Regional cinema collaborations are boosting partnerships between studios
Skilled filmmakers mentor emerging talent through independent film projects
Feel-good films are regaining popularity, giving audiences the gentle escape they need
Period dramas impressed audiences with their lavish budgets and spectacular performances.
Film promotion has largely shifted to digital media platforms and online influencers.
Interviews with celebrities raised awareness about mental health
Film soundtracks are popular worldwide on music streaming platforms
Pioneering directors were commended for their bold storytelling
Reality shows dominate television viewers on weekends
International collaborations are promoting the reputation of Indian cinema worldwide
Dramas that tell stories about family have become popular, highlighting the challenges facing society today
The debate over film censorship has resurfaced after the release of several controversial films.
Actors are trying to play 'villains', reinventing the traditional style of acting.
Costume designers are praised for creating costumes suited to period settings.
Sequels of films attract a steady stream of viewers and have become even more profitable than the originals.
Indie films attract many viewers through word-of-mouth at film festivals.
The popularity of books about the lives of celebrities makes people want to read more and more.
Animated films have gained wide acceptance in Indian households.
The format of digital series has surpassed that of traditional television.
Experienced musicians team up with young composers to create new sounds
Film studios are implementing changes in their working methods
Experimental films have gained acclaim among diverse audiences
Celebrities' charity initiatives receive high praise from the public
The horror film genre is seeing a revival through new storytelling techniques.
Winners of reality singing shows get the chance to revive popular songs
Film trailers break the online viewership record within minutes
Actors have also started producing films, backing projects with strong storytelling.
Regional awards have drawn support from national media
The film critics praised the revival of the films based on the screenplay.
The fashion of celebrities affects the fashion of people of all ages.
Cinema chains have expanded their theaters to smaller cities
Media restrictions affect film promotion
Sports-based films are starting to perform strongly at the box office
Stunt performers are specially trained for roles that demand physical strength
Film festivals foster collaboration and diverse showcasing
A new generation of filmmakers is challenging commercial filmmaking norms
Old movies are being brought back into theaters through renovation projects
Celebrity appearances on podcasts have boosted engagement among online fans
Film editors are gaining creative freedom to reshape new narratives
Digital firsts bridge the gap between content on video platforms and streaming platforms.
Songs that tried to impress the demanding but loyal audience
Celebrity endorsements are turning toward sustainable lifestyles that can be hard to maintain.
Court decisions affect permits for releasing long-delayed films
Action films are raising the bar for technical excellence with higher-quality effects
Music studios spend a lot of money hiring freelance musicians
The controversy over film awards has sparked debates across the media
Film actors are successfully moving between films and web series
Screenwriting workshops are nurturing the storytelling talent of the next generation
Family entertainment is regaining dominance during the holiday season
Film marketing is gaining ground in the popular digital era
Celebrity romances make the news when they go public
Veteran actors often earn acclaim for the demanding roles that test their abilities
Film sound design is finally getting overdue recognition
OTT platforms are experimenting with shorter drama series
Directors are revisiting old musical genres with a modern feel
Celebrity weddings boost global tourism at international destinations
Film schools report rising enrollment across the country.
Film actors spoke openly about flaws in the industry, inspiring other aspiring artists.
Music festivals showcase a fusion of traditional and contemporary sounds
Film journalists highlight the shift toward the economic power of popular stars
Theatre actors made it to the big screen with a bang
Celebrities' legal battles are drawing intense media scrutiny
Film production houses announce a diverse slate of films
New releases from various labels have dominated the box office charts across the country.
Film actors are taking on business ventures and choosing meaningful stories
Improving voice acting in films broadens the reach to multilingual audiences
Film platforms are increasing investment in scriptwriting
Interviews with celebrities reveal the truth behind the industry
Film critics praised the revival of the romance genre.
Young composers are redefining the world of Bollywood music.
Improvements in film projection technology have enhanced the experience of audiences
Actors emphasize the importance of mental health in the film industry
Independent filmmakers get contracts to shoot films abroad
Film promotions emphasize the importance of transparency
Musical films are sparking new appreciation for popular singers
Mainstream media outlets are breaking the silence on misinformation
Film audiences prefer more concise storytelling
OTT platforms are introducing experimental approaches amid theater closures
Directors put more emphasis on strong writing than on films driven by spectacle
India's entertainment industry recorded rapid growth after the pandemic
Audiences celebrate the diverse soundtracks that define Indian cinema today
The house arrest of Pakistani actress Humaira Asghar took place after she was reported missing.
Cannes 2025 will see the opening of the Bharat Pavilion in the presence of Anupam Kher.
Mukesh Khanna made a comeback as Shaktimaan in the new audio release.
Aranyer Din Ratri featured at Cannes, with Sharmila Tagore on the red carpet.
The Cannes jury praised Nouvelle Vague's homage to French New Wave filmmakers.
Sergei Lozintsa's film Follow the Leader was screened out of competition at the Cannes Film Festival.
Samay Raina spoke about the figures and people involved in the Latent show after the controversy.
RJ Mahvash shares moments with Yuzvendra Chahal after the historic hat-trick in the IPL.
Shubman Gill addressed the rumors linking him with Avneet Kaur amid media speculation.
Shaktimaan's Mukesh Khanna enjoys interacting with contemporary young artists.
Activists condemn the violence in the Middle East, and Indian celebrities show solidarity with Gaza.
The film Rapture has been hailed as India's first independent film.
Kantara and KGF are the two biggest films worldwide at the film awards, winning four awards each.
Parag Tyagi vowed to keep alive the memory of his late wife, Shefali Jariwala.
Rajkummar Rao publicly recalled the changes made to the rewritten script of Gangs Of Wasseypur.
Kangana questioned the state of the art after Diljit Dosanjh supported the opposition in the assembly.
Baahubali 2's reunion didn't have as many stars as Rajamouli and Daggubati anticipated last year.
Amitabh Bachchan showed Vijay's advertisement in the latest edition of Kaun Banega Crorepati.
Shruti Haasan says that the famous stars of the South remain humble even amid their superstar success.
Kapil Sharma's cafe responded after the life-changing shooting.
Ranveer Singh's film Dhurandhar delighted the audience with its heroic performances.
Hrithik Roshan is relaxing with his kids, enjoying a bit of family life.
Ryan Coogler revealed the original vision for Black Panther 2, which traces T'Challa's lineage.
Amitabh Bachchan shot scenes in scorching locations without taking any breaks.
The passing of Mohanlal's mother, Santhakumari, brought the Mammootty family together.
Shashi Kapoor's film went over budget, with shoots at famous locations in Russia.
Salman Khan cheered up the sick children, thanking the donors and the families who were present.
The box office saw Tu Meri Main Tera competing amid the buzz around Dhurandhar.
Rekha blessed Agastya Nanda at the premiere of Ikkis with a flying kiss.
Bollywood's 2025 year-end report card highlights the male actors who delivered powerful performances.
By its 25th day, the film Dhurandhar had earned the highest gross in Hindi cinema.
The Ikkis Day 1 announcements showed very strong growth across India.
Ramayana and the films that follow are setting expectations for 2026 to make or break films.
Rekha's brief remarks about Gemini Ganesan offer a glimpse into his past.
Day 27 confirmed the success of Ranveer Singh's film Dhurandhar.
Bollywood actors celebrate Raksha Bandhan, sharing cherished moments with their siblings.
Anurag Kashyap alleged that Netflix had disrespected creative freedom in scriptwriting.
Aaryamann Sethi's small startup drew an emotional response from Archana Puran Singh.
Vijay Devarakonda's film Kingdom has changed its song-release strategy amid OTT speculation.
The comparison between Rajinikanth's and Vijay's films has sparked speculation about Lokesh Kanagaraj.
The Malayalam film saw Njandukalude Nattil Oridavela's new interpretation of the romantic musical genre.
Fans condemned Payal Rohtagi's offensive remarks aimed at Alia Bhatt's forced apology.
The Godfather movie was recently renewed for a nationwide release in India.
The contestants who earn the highest salary in Bigg Boss malayalam revealed the salary of the famous TV actors.
Vishal unveiled the first look of Magudam in three different posters.
Amaal Malik confirmed a new relationship after the upsetting fallout in Bigg Boss.
Tamil poet Rajesh passed away, he received Rajinikanth's humble praise.
Yash's first look as Ravana was revealed in the grand production of Ramayana.
Urvashi Rautela claims that DiCaprio referred to her as Queen of Cannes as a highly visible post.
Hrithik Roshan intends to partner with Hombale Films for new projects.
It is said that Amitabh Bachchan bought large plots of land in Ayodhya at a very high price.
Tamanaah Bhatia criticized Instagram's work culture, backing Deepika Padukone's stand.
Tiger Shroff recounted the struggles of Jackie Shroff's journey before he became famous.
The founder of BTS, Bang Si Hyuk, is facing a legal investigation amid fraud allegations.
Aryan Khan's OTT show has sparked comparisons between India and Hollywood.
Kapil prepared himself very well before playing on the pitch even though he was injured.
The lineup and ticket-sale plans for Lollapalooza India 2026 have been announced.
Pawan Kalyan's amazing film is going to be shown all over the country soon.
Shoojit Sircar defended the discussion on AI which changed the ending of the movie Raanjhanaa, and also spoke about cooperation
Shwetha Menon, the first female president of AMMA, responded to the Hema Committee report.
Indian cinema explores the depths of the family through contemporary stories
Regional films get praise for their authentic stories about society
Film festivals highlight the growing diversity in India's independent films
Women filmmakers reinterpreted the story with bold and innovative ideas
Older songs bear witness to a new popularity among younger listeners
Theatrical producers take old stories and twist them to fit the current reality.
Malayalam films are building strong momentum with character-driven films
Film exhibition platforms are expanding the catalog of production houses and experimental films
Directors are revisiting the central themes of folktales using modern filmmaking techniques
Biographical films portray the real lives of artists, not only their public image but also their private side.
Filmmakers address environmental issues through visual storytelling
Film historians have witnessed a resurgence of authentic Indian cinema in recent times.
The lead actors received praise for their subtle and realistic performances
Composers combine traditional instruments with contemporary sounds.
Regional-language films are strengthening their presence at international film festivals
Independent films are finding larger audiences through well-curated channels
Costume design has emerged as a key storytelling tool in period dramas.
Veteran actors are comfortable shifting to supporting roles created for actors.
Cinema reflects changes in market dynamics and shifts in society
Book-to-film adaptations dominate discussions at national film gatherings
Filmmakers explore aspects of mental health with sensitivity and care.
Women-centered stories challenge long-held perceptions in films
Film preservation initiatives are bringing old films back for today's audiences
Sound design is getting overdue recognition in the critical study of Indian cinema
Young directors are experimenting with nonlinear storytelling techniques
Albums inspired by poetry appeal to demanding but loyal listeners
Debates about film criticism reveal the tension between creativity and direction
Low-budget participation is gaining respect in the independent film community
Actors are like a bridge between what's happening on stage and what's happening on screen.
Animation in India is evolving beyond stories aimed at children
Film societies are reviving interest in world cinema
Films from different states are reigniting lively debates about cultural identity
Digital premieres are redefining the engagement of niche film audiences
Film actors choose scripts by prioritizing substance over commercial appeal
Music festivals celebrate a fusion of traditional and contemporary styles
Film schools report a growing interest in screenwriting programs
Critics praise slow, layered storytelling, which has replaced films that showcase only spectacle.
A documentary film explores forgotten cultural histories from various regions.
Experimental short films are gaining global exposure through curated film showcases
Film storytelling is increasingly spotlighting neglected social issues
Literary festivals spark discussions about cinema and the ethics of storytelling
Film editing techniques are increasingly adapting to digital formats
Directors emphasize authenticity when depicting historical events
Independent filmmakers champion low-budget films with a strong central message
Film actors debate the burden of fame in popular films.
Documentary films on song and dance trace the evolution of traditional folk customs in different regions.
Indian cinema has witnessed a new dialogue between art and commerce.
Theatrical adaptations explore the intersections of time and space through a narrative that is symbolic
Film criticism platforms encourage a deeper engagement with the language of cinema
Filmmakers from different states are collaborating across studios on shared storytelling projects
Digital platforms are creating content rooted in regional culture
Film festivals are showcasing resilience and innovative, inclusive approaches.
Cinema increasingly reflects the anxieties of Indian society today.
Visual effects are becoming increasingly popular for creating new worlds in film storytelling.
Actors resume theatre training to improve their acting skills
Film soundtracks are increasingly experimenting with silence and minimalist sound
Self-made films shift viewers' expectations through unexpected, unpredictable endings.
Films grounded in strong storytelling are slowly reclaiming their place in public discourse.
India's entertainment industry strives to bridge the gap between traditional forms and innovation.
Film audiences show an appetite for thought-provoking, deeply meaningful films.
Bollywood cinema is witnessing an unprecedented revival amid a surge in viewers' appreciation.
Film audiences increasingly show an appetite for popular, thought-provoking films.
Films from southern India are increasingly expanding their reach to multiplexes in the north.
OTT platforms dominate entertainment among young urban audiences in India
Comments from celebrities captured the attention of the public on all social media platforms.
Movie trailers generate massive online buzz within minutes of release
Actors take on different roles, to change the established way of life seen in the industry
Music festivals are making a comeback, drawing huge crowds of fans in major Indian cities
Women-led films achieved solid success across the country
Streaming series get more viewers than movies shown in movie theatres
Vijay Deverakonda has expanded his fan base beyond the southern markets
Filmmakers try to blend different genres to impress young people
Film promotion relies heavily on digital platforms
Star kids grapple with the pressure of the easy opportunities they are handed to enter films
Historical films delight the public with their stunning visuals and fine performances
Emerging films get off to a strong start thanks to dedicated fans
Indie films gain recognition through screenings at the world's leading film festivals
Tamannaah Bhatia achieved huge success with her song which peaked at number one
Comedy films have regained popularity, offering light, stress-free entertainment
Songs from the past are streaming on various platforms
Film actors turned producers are backing films built on strong stories
Family dramas reveal the realities of contemporary society and politics
The debate over film distribution resurfaced after the release of several controversial films
Kareena Kapoor headlines a women-led film
The horror film genre has been revived through new storytelling techniques
Digital premiere bridges the gap between cinema and streaming
Film critics praised the resurgence of films grounded in solid screenwriting
Collaboration between films from different regions strengthens ties between film studios
The advertisement on the biographies of famous people captures the public's interest
Varun Dhawan takes on the darker/scarier side of the upcoming thriller
Film festivals showcase the diversity of storytelling in India
Anushka Sharma shares exciting news about her career path
Film actors undergo intense training to master physically demanding roles
Family-friendly films find success at the box office during the festive season
Film marketing makes headlines that spread rapidly on social media
Hrithik Roshan has wrapped up shooting for the much-awaited upcoming film
Emerging actors are commended for their courage and professionalism
Aamir Khan has confirmed that he will be returning with a big-budget drama film
OTT platforms are investing heavily in films based on true events
Priyanka Chopra has started shooting for an upcoming Hollywood movie
Kiara Advani surprised and impressed fans across the globe
Katrina Kaif has turned film producer with a project rooted in a strong story
Film production houses announce plans to produce several big films
Remakes from various regions are gaining success across the country
Film actors are torn between commercial success and choosing meaningful stories.
Speaking another language fluently reflects the perspective of people who speak multiple languages
Streaming services try to release limited series
Salman Khan announces new action movie for Eid celebration
Film schools attract many young people pursuing careers in visual media
Music festivals celebrate the blend of traditional and contemporary sounds
Alia Bhatt won accolades for her outstanding performance in a drama film
Film schools attract young people who want to improve their acting skills in order to earn a good reputation
Actors tell the audience about their mistake, which inspires newcomers
Movie theater chains sell movie tickets at low prices
Film marketing strategies evolve according to public taste and perception
Biopics about the lives of singers rekindle affection for legendary singers
The conduct of celebrities on social media is changing public perception
The audience appreciated the unique and timely presentation
OTT platforms are trying to produce stories with fewer episodes
Filmmakers value good writing more than mere visual appeal
Indian cinema is witnessing a rapid recovery after the pandemic
Actors called for greater attention to mental health in the entertainment industry
Film critics welcome the return of the romantic comedy
Biscuit-distribution programs in various regions drew national media attention
Podcasts of celebrities promote interaction with fans on various platforms
India's entertainment industry reveals the nation's struggle to adapt to change
Self-made films are earning their place alongside big-budget films
Composers work together to create new sounds
Film festivals promote unity and the showcasing of cultural traditions
Actors are trying to play villains, breaking away from the familiar 'hero' image
Film costume designers are getting attention because of the rising demand for dressing stunt performers
Social media controversies affect film release strategies
Biopics about the lives of athletes retain their popularity with the public
Film restoration projects revive classic films for future generations
Moments of celebrities spending time with their children are widely circulated on social media
The popularity of streaming music has changed the way young people listen to music
Film criticism no longer depends solely on a film's earnings
Actors return to the cinema to hone their acting talent
Films that experiment with new approaches attract a small but devoted audience
Filmmakers blend realism with market-savvy storytelling techniques
The film industry in India has begun expanding its studios, especially in the children's segment.
Sound technology is quietly transforming the experience of films today.
Speeches by celebrities at award ceremonies spark debates about culture and politics.
Streaming sites are producing more films and programs tied to the regional identity of different areas.
Film actors face pressure over their public image and reputation.
Film songs have become very popular in short-form video content.
Films made of stage dramas tell about current political affairs.
Cinemas reflect much of the life and lifestyle of people in Indian cities.
Discussions about the lifestyles of famous film actors are attracting readers online.
Independent filmmakers promote low-budget films that draw attention to the subject.
Improving the quality of film projection makes the film-viewing experience more enjoyable.
Film audiences want authentic films, not films that merely follow old formulas.
Films about singers reflect the evolution of culture in India.
Film stories shed more light on the lives of marginalized people.
Actors choose to perform in programs that match their sensibilities and tastes.
Digital storytelling is changing the way people entertain themselves.
The money spent on film promotion has shifted toward collaborations with online influencers.
Discussions about films have come to embrace the representation of all kinds of people.
Music albums experiment with minimalist production
India's entertainment industry is rapidly reinventing itself in the digital age.
Acting in early films shows the evolution of acting styles for the new generation.
Tollywood films are still very popular in India and overseas.
South Indian artists are known throughout the country for their multi-lingual films.
OTT platforms are changing the viewing habits of urban youth.
Celebrity weddings are still front page news on newsstands.
Film teasers generate online buzz within minutes of release.
Actors take on challenging roles, defying the image of the traditional hero.
Music programs attract large crowds in Hyderabad and Bengaluru.
Women-led films won praise from both critics and the public.
Thriller films on streaming platforms are the ones most people watch in their free time.
Film directors present themes related to society through cinema.
Film promotion relies heavily on interaction with people on social media platforms.
The debut of celebrities' children raises concerns about 'nepotism' in the film industry.
Period films captivate the public with their stunning visuals and storytelling.
The students arranged for the grand opening to be led by dedicated volunteers
Independent films gain recognition through screenings at film festivals around the world.
Celebrity fashion is very popular on digital media.
Comedy films offer mental relief between action films.
Folk-inspired music is gaining popularity again.
Actors have turned producers, backing original films with good stories.
Family dramas depict important issues of law and justice.
Discussions about film reception have reignited the debate on creative freedom.
The humility of celebrities won praise from fans and co-workers alike.
Horror films are reviving through new storytelling techniques.
Displaying movies on digital platforms reduces the waiting time in movie theaters.
Film critics praised the quality of the films that captured the audience's imagination.
Collaboration between original films strengthens partnerships at the level of talent.
Biographies of famous people attract readers all over the country.
Winners of singing competitions get the chance to sing in big films.
Film festivals showcase the diversity of films in India.
Action films have raised the bar with their precise visual techniques.
Actors have to undergo intense physical transformations to meet the demands of film roles
Family entertainment films earn big profits during the festive season.
Film marketing methods have to change as quickly as the audience responds.
The unions and reunions of celebrities came to the fore in the news.
Newcomer actors impress the judges with their bold presence in front of the camera.
The soundtrack won praise for their hard work.
OTT platforms spend the most money on original films.
Film directors are revisiting old film genres by blending them with modern storytelling.
Stage drama actors were able to make the leap to big films.
Legal disputes involving celebrities attract the attention of the public and the media.
Film studios are announcing big projects for the coming years.
Remake films have done very well at the worldwide box office.
Family films regain their relevance in times of social upheaval.
Good sound design broadens audience appeal across many languages.
Streaming platforms try to promote smaller episodes.
The endorsement of products by celebrities has drawn greater attention to lifestyle and health.
Film schools are seeing an increase in the number of students participating in various programmes.
Film festivals showcase a diverse range of emotions within established conventions.
Film journalists point to the shift toward more grounded stories.
Films from South India are increasingly leading the country's entertainment industry.
Bollywood has rediscovered the romance genre as people grow tired of watching action films.
Original films show greater craft than big-budget films through fresh storytelling.
Streaming platforms offer content that movie theaters previously denied.
Celebrity wedding ceremonies blend cultural traditions with public spectacle.
Film festivals celebrate the courage to challenge films that simply follow old formulas.
Actors take on underdog roles that depict modern hardship.
Music programs have returned as full community events rather than mere talent showcases.
The female leads broke all myths at the box office.
Independent films find a loyal audience even beyond their opening day.
Film directors blend artistic craft with mass entertainment.
Songs that evoke nostalgia gain resonance in times of cultural hardship.
Stage dramas adapt old stories to fit modern times.
Interviews with celebrities reveal the difficulty of balancing fame and private life.
Period films revisit history through politics and spectacle.
Re-released films perform well despite debates over their authenticity.
Indie filmmakers resist the pressure to make films driven solely by computer effects.
Fashion on major platforms sparks conversations about culture.
Comedy has returned as a remedy to relieve fatigue from overly intense films.
The songs speak of sorrow and hope in equal measure.
Actors are turning film producers to gain creative freedom.
Family dramas depict society's discontent with the working sectors.
Debates over film censorship highlight the tension between art and authority.
The controversy surrounding celebrities sparked an outcry on social media.
Horror films have risen to a more psychological level.
Digital film distribution is changing both waiting times and how audiences watch.
Film criticism is regaining value beyond box-office earnings.
Cooperation between different countries breaks down language barriers.
Biographies of famous people combine truth and fiction.
Reality television is increasingly portraying exaggerated situations that stray from reality.
10 lakh youth are currently undergoing training in Artificial Intelligence.
4G and 5G network services have reached every corner of the country through more than one lakh mobile towers.
Fifty thousand new companies registered in the past year alone.
Robust defence requires domestic production of goods, a stable supply chain, and the capacity to operate without depending on others.
Ten years ago, there were fewer than 500 businesses in the country.
A final decision has been taken to exempt income up to 12 lakh rupees from taxes.
Many parts of India and many people have not had access to adequate opportunities.
A resident of Jaipur, Rajasthan, said he was afraid that the third term of the BJP government would affect the poor.
A new working system was developed to enable the harnessing of coastal villages' resources in the deep sea.
A new method has been developed for the fishermen living along the coast to benefit them.
An important part of this document is its focus on manufacturing defence equipment and building industrial capacity.
A recent court ruling revealed the extent to which the BJP benefited from the opaque election funding scheme.
About 12 crore was collected for those starting their own businesses.
After independence, the Indian economy was dominated by a handful of cities and towns.
After Operation Sindoor, the reliance on Indian-made defence equipment grew even stronger.
After the ceremony at Dibrugarh, Shah will travel to Dhemaji district and participate in the Mising community's cultural festival.
After he has unveiled the projects, he will give a speech at a public meeting there.
Aizawl in Mizoram and New Delhi got a direct rail link.
All the results will be announced on July 4th.
Public consultation is still required, but precise criteria have been set.
Then the east coast of India, from Chennai to Vladivostok and the polar highway.
Since then, goods worth more than 17 lakh crore rupees have been produced.
Among the various views, all agree that nothing is greater than the nation.
Amidst the current difficult global situation, India continues to play a pivotal role in the world.
We also confirmed that discussions between India and the EEU on free trade would resume.
And we will give this proposal the highest priority, he said in response to another query.
In addition to chips, there is another major sector that my government has already started working on in principle.
Apart from nuclear power, India is still running fast on solar power.
About 2.5 lakh houses for the needy have been constructed in these villages under this scheme.
As a result of my government's policy, the income of the residents has gone up.
As a result, 25 crore citizens have been lifted out of poverty in the past decade.
As a result, oilseed production also increased in 2024-25.
As a result, the quality of services is also rapidly improving.
As a result, every cent collected by the taxpayers was spent on the growth and welfare of the country.
As a young voter, I want progress, better jobs, and a country that offers equal opportunity for all.
At the beginning of 2014, social welfare schemes reached only 25 crore citizens.
At the same time, it firmly upheld the principle of India First.
Beyond this fact, there is a policy that is consistent with the long term vision of my government.
The Bharatiya Janata Party is looking for a way to increase its majority in Parliament amid challenges.
The strength of the BJP in this election is also due to the weakness of the opposition parties.
All the articles distill the key principles, give priority to national security, and promote cooperation wherever possible.
However, Manipur should not be left out. The state has been in turmoil since 2023.
China is still the biggest concern from the outside, but the approach to handling it is becoming clearer.
Residents are also proud of India's metro network.
Residents remember the great achievements of the past and the heroic deeds of their ancestors.
The aviation and tourism sectors were also topics of discussion. We want to see more Russian tourists in India.
The end of the first 25 years of this century has seen many remarkable achievements and milestones.
Looking at past election dates, we expect that the Assembly election in Assam this year will be held before Bihu.
Critics say that the BJP government has used the powers of the state to persecute and imprison dissidents.
Cruise tourism is boosting tourism in riverside and coastal areas.
Deepfakes, misinformation, and forged documents have become a major threat to public governance, social stability, and public trust.
Cooperation in defence is built on mutual give-and-take, founded on shared hard work, not just on political signals.
The production and export of defence equipment exceeded the previous record of 23 thousand crore rupees.
Securing land and territory, supply routes, and critical industries is the backbone of military capability, not just a feasible or costly undertaking.
Even amidst the various crises in the world, India has remained the fastest-growing economy in the world.
Over the past 11 years, more than 7,200 kilometers of roads have been built in the Northeast.
During the last ten years, four crore pucca houses were built for the poor.
During the past year, India has built about 18 thousand kilometers of new rural roads.
In the past year alone, 2.5 crore poor patients received treatment through this scheme.
During the past year, the tap water supply reached about one crore new households.
During the past year, my government has provided decent jobs to hundreds of thousands of young people through various programmes.
During the third term of my government, the issue of poverty reduction was tackled with utmost diligence.
In the past, India had only five national waterways, but now there are more than 100.
Election 2026 is the most important year for public administration in various states of India and the world at large.
Elections in Assam in the past were held before the Bihu festival.
Electoral bonds faced severe criticism due to a lack of proper transparency.
What also matters is what this strategy set out to achieve. It did not impose grand objectives for development across different regions.
Europe provides opportunities for technology, innovation, and cooperation in the field of defence.
Even in these difficult times, India continues to move forward along the path of progress.
Even countries engaged in armed conflicts demonstrate a reliance on India for essential services.
Everyone witnessed how the sweeping changes in the GST system gave impetus and inspiration to the residents.
By showing how much Prime Minister Narendra Modi's party has benefited from the controversial cash grab.
For a long time now, the country's labor force has been bought off from various employers.
For India, the truth emerges only when viewed through the lens of this ultimate reality.
For India, the message is clear. Defense, deterrence, and loyalty are no longer choices to be made or abandoned.
For the Congress, the polls indicated they would win 80 seats, a significant drop from the 97 seats forecast in January 2025.
For the election, the ruling alliance is aiming to win more than 400 seats.
For the INDIA bloc, the poll indicated they would get 39% of the vote.
For many years now, there has been fear, uncertainty and insecurity in all 126 districts of the country.
In terms of culture, India is one of the richest countries in the world.
These changes will greatly benefit the youth and women of the country.
Excellent support systems and global recognition of India as an emerging power that world leaders want to partner with.
Get the latest news, important dates, voting procedures, and updated information all in one place.
The government is also focusing attention on other areas such as nutrition, health, and education.
Through the government's more focused policies and measures, women have rapidly advanced in every part of the country.
Please note that in the field of electronics manufacturing alone, over 25 lakh new jobs have been created.
He pointed out, among other things, that these days violence against opposition leaders has intensified in the run-up to the elections.
The defence of the nation and the Western Hemisphere are among the most critical parts of the discussion.
The hospital for women and children at Agartala will cater very well to the needs of the patients.
How to arrive at a long-term agreement on that was a big part of our discussion.
How does the United States today perceive power, danger, and responsibility in this changing world?
However, due to the outbreak of foreign wars and violence in the years following independence, this precious treasure was affected and lost in great measure.
However, after foreign rule, due to a long-standing policy of exploitation, 95 percent of India's trade now passes through foreign hands.
However, the release of the data does not reveal who bought the electoral bonds and who received them.
However, Vaishnav pointed out that the opposition was further weakened by the actions of the government.
I have every confidence that all citizens will carry out their duties for the good of the country.
I thank you all for this historic turning point.
I congratulate all citizens on the conclusion of negotiations for a free trade agreement with the European Union.
I would like to thank the distinguished Members for making a very interesting speech in Parliament on this auspicious occasion.
I believe that it is important for the global economy that this corridor moves forward.
I feel that what has emerged today is that the relationship between India and Russia remains strong and stable.
I feel that we were able to live up to a meaningful and solid working partnership.
I will vote for Congress because that is the best way to oppose the corrupt politics of the BJP in India.
By 2024-25, the country's fish production rose to about 200 lakh tonnes.
By 2025, four more semiconductor factories were set up.
By 2025, India's defence output exceeded 1.5 lakh crore rupees.
By 2025, India's metro network has exceeded 13,000 km.
In terms of mobile manufacturing, India has become the second largest country in the world.
According to the policy of my government, the security forces have done everything possible to counter the Maoist insurgency.
In the coming years, our country will move forward to build India's first space station.
In the evening, he will visit the main administration office of the BJP Assam in Guwahati.
In terms of milk production too, India is considered to be the most successful country in the world.
In the first five months of 2025-26, India's smartphone exports exceeded 1 lakh crore rupees.
Last year, India produced about 350 million tons of rice.
In the past, India has been a major power in the maritime domain.
In the future, the future of the country will rest on the collective decision of all of us.
In a recent trade deal between the US and India, PM Modi's government did not compromise on the rights of farmers and landowners.
In the last 10 years, India has emerged as a global hotspot for startups.
On this journey, hard work, perseverance, and dedication are all important.
In this way, the DoW would provide military support for President Trump's clear and well-grounded agenda.
In this regard, perhaps the US National Defense Strategy 2026 does not diminish India's value.
In this regard, the country achieved another milestone just a few months ago.
In times of need, India always takes the initiative to provide all possible assistance.
Due to the risks arising from misuse of AI, it is imperative to take precautions in this regard.
Incremental measures will fall short while the major powers prepare for prolonged confrontation.
India has also shown inspiring examples through its actions.
India firmly believes that human welfare should be the cornerstone of politics and global cooperation.
India has been able to remain steady even amidst political and global economic challenges.
India has been entrusted with the responsibility of hosting the Commonwealth Games-2030.
India has forged new alliances and strengthened longstanding ties with various countries across Africa and Latin America, and strengthened existing ties.
India has further improved its record in controlling inflation.
India has not yet denied or condemned Russia's military intervention in Ukraine.
India has shown that it can wield power with determination and intelligence.
India is also preparing to host the Global AI Impact Summit to bring the entire world under one roof.
India is also taking firm steps toward the manufacture of nanochips.
India is now the fastest growing economy in the world, including in terms of infrastructure.
India may reduce or adjust tariffs on industrial equipment and other goods from the United States.
India's digital freedom and data privacy issues have raised serious questions.
India's election commission has released details on the large sums of money donated to political parties.
Elections in India are the biggest public administration project in the world.
The electronics industry in India is emerging at an unprecedented pace.
The import of crude oil from Russia to India has risen sharply despite objections from Western countries.
India's press freedom rating has dropped 20 places since Modi came to power in 2014.
India's rapid progress on land, sea, and air has now become the talk of the whole world.
India's defence challenges, especially with China, will depend primarily on building up its own military strength.
India's share in investment and global exports has grown remarkably.
The Indian women's cricket team won the World Cup for the first time.
India's energy sector has played a vital role in national defence.
Programs like Mudra Yojana promote entrepreneurship and self-employment among these youngsters.
Instead of standing up for India's independence, the ruling party has allowed India's freedom and data privacy to be compromised.
It sets an example of the kind of behaviour India should adopt.
It gives me great pleasure to address all the Houses of Parliament assembled together.
She won 44% of the vote in the 2024 election.
It also gave new strength to the country's economy.
It improved access to markets, hospitals, and schools.
It is with great pride that the World Health Organization has declared India free from Trachoma.
It is gratifying that India has provided a strong platform for unity, transparency, and humanity.
This is a relationship from which both countries, India and Russia, have benefited immensely.
It provides direct benefits to poor and middle-income households in the country.
It is imperative that you all cooperate on this difficult task.
It is not just about roads and electricity, but about the direction the nation is moving in.
Only through this fearless spirit will the defence of the country be secure.
However, it fell short of the 58% he scored in the MOTN poll in January 2025.
It represents an increase of 105 per cent when compared to 2014.
It will fund research and help develop better wildlife laws.
It will help put an end to corruption, which my government has been trying to do for a long time now.
Jaishankar said that Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Vladimir Putin had a very good conversation.
Jaishankar said that all stakeholders had a very positive discussion.
Jaishankar said that the North-South corridor is for the benefit of the entire global economy.
The Kyllalyngkot 2026 survey shows what would happen if Lok Sabha elections were held today.
With this foundation in mind, the Bharatiya Nyaya Sanhita is now being implemented swiftly.
Last month, the Supreme Court rejected the electoral bonds on the grounds that they were anti-democratic.
Lavrov also said that Russia was pushing for India's membership in the UN Security Council and also mentioned India's leadership in the G20.
Let every member of Parliament stand firm for the essential work of the nation, as partners in the country's progress.
Long-standing global relationships are also changing now.
Electoral defeat in the Assembly elections in key states like Haryana
The emphasis should be on resolving conflict through dialogue and compromise.
Productive power, flexibility in transportation, and the ability to maintain an army for long periods of time quickly became the most important commodities.
Maoist education has plunged several generations into darkness.
The art of war is no longer confined to the equipment or training of soldiers.
Modi gained new power before the elections through big things like India's independence in March last year.
Modi spoke about respect, dignity, and correcting historical mistakes.
Modi's own emergence as a strong leader also played a big part.
Modi's ability to win the election was also due to his Hindu religion.
More than 20 lakh traditional artisans across the country are currently receiving training and support from banks.
More than 80 thousand crore rupees has been invested in the development of railways in the Northeast region.
More than six lakh crore rupees is spent on this every year.
Furthermore, old maritime laws have been revised to meet modern needs.
MOSCOW: India-Russia relations demonstrate the reality of global politics, shared values and mutual benefit.
My presence here today and all the development work I have mentioned also encompass the growing trade.
New job opportunities are emerging in new fields such as semiconductors, clean energy, and green hydrogen.
India now has the third largest metro network in the world.
Now, almost all rural communities in India have road access.
Now, for the first time since independence, my government has shown the courage to do something about it.
Now, my government has taken steps to safeguard this important data.
Now, even going to space is no longer difficult for India.
Now, the Northeast is also aligned with the path of national development.
Nuclear energy plays a major role in this regard.
Traditions have changed over time according to the needs of each generation.
In turn, this policy highlights the tasks that the Trump administration assigns the highest priority to.
About the benefits to our planet, and how thankful they are for each other.
In these two projects, the government has invested more than one lakh crore rupees.
In this account, 60 thousand crore rupees was spent under the PM Setu scheme.
One thousand ITIs are being prepared for the next phase to improve ITI coverage in the country.
Our Constitution also encourages us in the same spirit.
Our country is also the second largest fish producer in the world.
Our deepest gratitude to our Indian friends for their willingness to take on the burden of fixing the problems on the island,
Our state was a center of learning in ancient times.
Our youth, tribal people, the elderly, and our Dalit brethren are among the worst affected.
Of these, only three districts remain severely affected.
More than 20 lakh youth are employed in India's startup ecosystem.
In the last 10-11 years, India has consolidated its foothold in all spheres.
In the past 11 years, the production of electrical appliances has increased sixfold.
In the last 11 years, hundreds of thousands of students of Scheduled Castes have been awarded post matric scholarships.
Over the past 11 years, the foundation of the country's economy has grown stronger.
Over the past few decades, changes in every aspect of the way people work and conduct themselves have taken place in India.
In the past few years, my government has spent more than 50 lakh crore rupees on improving existing facilities.
Partnerships are set up across all skill levels and abilities.
Those who surrendered their weapons are now working at Pandum Cafe in Jagdalpur.
plans for the first 100 days of the third term.
I am pleased to inform you that this initiative has so far attracted more than 1.25 lakh crore rupees.
The PM is a courageous leader who brings honor to our country all over the world on behalf of all Indians.
A total of 32 lakh new houses were handed over to them within the last year.
First of all by focusing on the interests of the country, interests are just as important as the integrity of international relations.
Rahul Gandhi, the senior leader of the Congress party who lost two consecutive elections to Modi,
Recently, the Startup India Programme turned 10 years old.
The registration of two-wheelers exceeded two crore, which is a new record in itself.
The daily rise in food prices, due to the price burden, could hurt the BJP in the elections.
Russia, India and Iran signed an agreement on the creation of a North-South multimodal transport corridor in 2000.
Self-reliance in developing microchips is essential for today's innovation and future technologies.
Shah will also lay the foundation stone of the Institute of Wildlife Health and Research at Dinjan.
Shah will then lay the foundation stone for the second phase of that stadium.
Similarly, the Blind Women's cricket team also won the World Cup.
So far, 60 thousand young people have been trained for the semiconductor industry.
So far, more than 300 regulations have been removed from the list of compliances.
So far, up to 20 lakh rooftop solar systems have been installed.
Social justice means that every citizen enjoys full access to justice, free from all forms of injustice.
Before long, a semiconductor chip developed in Assam will become the lifeblood for electronic devices across the globe.
Speaking to reporters after their meeting with Lavrov,
Speaking to reporters in Sotai in Jorhat district during a cheque distribution ceremony.
Peace with China was sought through restraint and fair dealing, not through escalating direct confrontation.
For example, these efforts are building robust healthcare infrastructure in the Northeast region.
Given this confidence of the BJP, Modi has often spoken of its intention to win at least 370 seats,
The absence of any mention of India and the Quad in the strategy is no indication of their importance,
The amount of money given to the BJP is far greater than that given to any other political party.
Voting in Assam for 126 constituencies is likely to be held in the month of March-April.
The Atal Innovation Mission plays an important role in this.
The BJP government is also accused of suppressing freedom of the press and of trying to crack down on major media outlets.
The BJP government under the leadership of Modi is significant because it has grander visions for the country.
BJP leaders have now opened the possibility of setting up a People's Government in Manipur.
At the BJP rally, she also raised the narrative about economic growth,
The BJP central government's message in the election campaign was 'Modi's Guarantee'.
Now cities of Arunachal Pradesh, Tripura, and Mizoram are connected by major railways.
The citizens of India will step forward, as the greatest contribution to the country's prosperity and upholding the values of the Constitution.
The Congress party alleged that millions of its own funds had been frozen by the tax authorities.
By translating the Constitution into the Santhali language, my government has raised the pride of the tribal community.
The country's food production capacity increased twentyfold, which allowed farmers to get better prices for their crops.
The country's manufacturing industry has also shown tremendous growth in recent times.
The culture of research and development was also promoted by the Anusandhan National Research Foundation.
The revelation also exposed the huge sums of money that the BJP held over other parties as the election approached.
The day is not far off when the country will witness the complete destruction of Maoist activities.
The defence strategy shifts the geopolitical vision toward a strategy of power, the development of capabilities, and access to mineral resources.
Chief Minister of Delhi and leader of Aam Aadmi Party,
A detailed analysis of the bonds released on Wednesday revealed that some of the biggest bond donors were under scrutiny.
The letter was drafted in language that would extend U.S. defense policy beyond the limited obligations of the treaty.
The letter thus reframes the thinking and avoids portraying competition as a struggle against the global order.
The election was explained by observers at the polling stations who were able to determine how many votes India had cast over the decades.
The enthusiastic response to last year's budget bears witness to this.
The launch of Digital India has established India as a global hub for the Creative Economy, valued at thousands of crores.
Foreign Minister S Jaishankar said on Wednesday, while holding an in-depth meeting with the Russian side.
the government is also planning to reduce the import of agricultural goods from abroad.
The impact of the decisions taken today will be felt for years to come.
Indian Railways, which caters to the poor and middle class, is fast approaching the target of implementing 100% boarding.
Lottery company Future Gaming and Hotel Services, which has been accused of money laundering since 2019.
The main opposition party, the Indian National Congress, received just 14 billion rupees through the same scheme.
They manufacture tools and services in India and also develop innovative products for the youth of India.
Military action against Pakistan followed the terror attack in Pahalgam, and India did not yield to Trump's strong demands.
The NDA will also see its vote share rise to 47%, a slight increase from 46.7%.
The New Delhi G20 Summit held last year was indeed a triumph for India's foreign policy.
Evidence suggests that the opposition party's 'vote chori' (vote theft) rhetoric against the BJP failed to impress the masses.
The aim is to avoid duplication and keep competition to an acceptable level.
The opposition has expressed fears that if the BJP wins an absolute majority,
A report highlighting the true nature of the benefits.
This party has received more than 60bn rupees (£570m) in funding, more than any other political party.
The presence of the Chief Minister can help a lot to reassure our people in Manipur.
Last year was memorable for celebrating India's rapid economic growth and the rise of an affluent class
The aim of the project is to transport goods from India.
The relationship between India and Russia is deep and very strong.
The publication of the US National Defense Strategy (NDS) 2026 raises the following question for India:
The rupee weakened, and businesses remain under strain.
As the second-largest electoral bond donor, Megha Engineering is also under scrutiny from the higher authorities.
The state assembly election will be held before Rongali Bihu.
The state government wants to hold elections before the Bihu festival.
Employment policy also emphasizes the need to plan for an employment environment in which outside help is both optional and conditional.
The strategy makes it clear that America will cooperate with others.
The Survey found that despite the robust foundations of the economy,
The suspension of the Indus Waters Treaty is also part of India's campaign against terrorism.
The relationship between India and Russia remains stable even though Moscow has waged war on Ukraine.
The true success of any justice system is measured by its ability to instill a sense of security.
The two sides also discussed cooperation in their relations with the Russian Far East.
The two share a very close relationship, especially regarding India's investment in Russia.
Polling, which began at 8am on Wednesday, opened in 102 constituencies across the country.
The quality of life of our daughters and our differently-abled fellow citizens has improved, which is truly remarkable.
The whole country is witnessing a transformation in the areas affected by Maoism.
The world witnessed the bravery and strength of the Indian defence forces during Operation Sindoor.
The youth of the country have adopted Aatmanirbhar Bharat, Swadeshi, and Make in India as their own responsibility.
Their police became spies on the public and against the Indian Constitution.
There has been a huge increase in food and agricultural production in 2024-25.
There is also great enthusiasm for 'Swadeshi' among the citizens.
There was at least one female director in 45 percent of these startups.
There was no immediate response from the Prime Minister's office to the Congress leader
There, there will be a talk on the state of Assam, he added.
There is no doubt that this government has used all the tools at its disposal to tilt the playing field of this election.
By setting standards for power in the Indo-Pacific that apply to all of us.
So the nation moves forward now with the mantra of women-led development.
Thus, the National Education Policy has been designed to cater to the needs of both the present and the future.
These provide excellent educational resources and a bright future for tribal children.
These efforts will go a long way in preserving the tradition of India's knowledge and making it accessible to the masses.
These partnerships are not a compromise on the nation's strength, but a force multiplier.
These changes provide unprecedented benefits to poor and middle class families.
These cemeteries are now closed to the public.
These schemes have helped crores of poor people in distress.
They are the basic necessities of the battlefield that is currently being depicted.
They could not agree with the leaders and the assembly and still saw themselves as divided.
This policy is also India's response to the ongoing events in and around Ukraine.
This approach is consistent with the National Security Strategy released in December.
This has been seen to come at a cost to India's ethnic minorities, who face increasing pressures.
This includes important state assembly elections, local elections, and by-elections that could have a major impact on the country's political landscape.
This places the greatest burden on India.
This demonstrates a reckless disregard for human dignity and the fact that national security cannot be separated from military objectives.
This draws lessons from recent events and from longstanding conflicts between great powers.
This requires the sustained acceleration of capability-building, particularly in established deterrence, naval power, air defence, and long-range strike.
This will give you a better understanding of the importance and value we place on the relationship.
This year we have already met six times, and this is our 7th convention.
Those who have been left behind are the prime focus of my government.
Through Macaulay's designs, a sense of inferiority was instilled in the people of India during colonial rule.
Through the efforts of the youth of India and my government, the country has also witnessed unprecedented growth in the field of sports.
Through the National Critical Mineral Mission, the dependence on foreign countries for critical mineral deposits is decreasing.
Through these initiatives, crores of needy citizens were able to obtain insurance coverage.
To accelerate the creative economy, my government has also launched a new platform called WAVES.
Now, the whole world can see that India stands at the forefront of sustainable development.
Now, along with the introduction of rice farming, farmers are also being linked with livestock and beekeeping as new avenues for economic growth.
Today, India is spending more money than ever on infrastructure.
Today, India shoulders major responsibilities in many global organizations, owing to its large stake and active engagement in cooperation.
Now, we have reached the target of 11 lakh crore rupees.
Today, nearly two lakh startups have registered.
Now, new avenues of development have emerged in the coastal regions of West Bengal and Odisha.
Today, products designed according to the vision of Make in India have reached every corner of the globe.
Now, from the very beginning of school, children are taught to focus on learning new skills and abilities.
Now, the country is working on all fronts to revive and promote its own cultural heritage.
Today, we are witnessing yet another positive shift in the mindset of India's youth.
All of this shows that the United States is still a great power, but it has become more subtle or selective in how it uses that power.
The two leaders will meet for an annual summit next year. Our relationship is very strong and stable.
Uncertainties resulting from the ongoing wars have had a profound effect on world peace and prosperity.
Under Modi's leadership, India has made it to the moon and at the same time is proud of its indigenous culture and heritage.
Under the PLI scheme, the country attracted investments amounting to about two lakh crore rupees.
Under these schemes, claims exceeding 24 thousand crore rupees have been settled.
Under this scheme, financial assistance exceeding 38 lakh crore rupees has already been disbursed to small entrepreneurs.
Under this scheme, up to 3.5 crore new jobs have been created.
Under this scheme, more than twenty thousand of the most marginalized and left-behind tribal villages have been upgraded.
Under this scheme, so far, an amount exceeding four lakh crore rupees has been successfully transferred directly to their bank accounts.
The Ministry of Home Affairs is launching a series of programmes aimed at preserving and restoring the wetlands in Assam through internet technology.
The United States has no intention of establishing Asia's security through diplomatic or military means.
It has been suggested that there is a need to improve connectivity in this area.
As the U.S. continues its push to reduce the threat with tough pledges, leaders in the region must spend more money on their respective militaries.
Using its powers, our country has been able to disrupt or destroy the hideouts of the terrorists.
We also talked about connectivity; connectivity from the west coast of India through the International North-South Transport Corridor.
We are very grateful that our trade has reached its highest level ever.
We achieved a turnover of over 50 billion dollars last year. We are on track to exceed that this year.
We talked about long-term improvements. In our trade, electricity and other key commodities are very important.
We discussed mutual investments, and the need to strengthen ties between the two countries.
We agreed on various matters that could help promote India's talent and expertise in the colder regions of the world through partnership with Russia.
We have increased the number of flights from India every week.
We need a strong opposition. At this stage, voting against the BJP is a means that could bring about change.
We talked about today's railways, and about the infrastructure at industrial sites as well.
What does this tell us about the Indo-Pacific, China, and India's place in America's strategic planning?
The most important thing is that this trade should be mutual. It should be able to grow steadily and provide market access for all.
When it comes to dreams, those who see them as dreams are usually just kids, and they're the ones who create those dreams.
When we honor our own traditions and culture, the world also honors them.
Whether you are reading the results or looking for information on the candidate standings, this is the place to go for Election 2026.
This was made possible, to a solid degree, because the G20 presidency did not allow for a one-sided outcome document.
Overseeing and administering elections - and the judiciary, are the responsibilities of the government.
Last year, as many as 27 opposition parties, including the Congress, joined forces to form a coalition called INDIA.
While maintaining good relations with the UK and the European Union (EU), Modi has cemented his reputation at home as well as internationally.
While several BJP members spoke out against the move, the party has always maintained that this was its intention.
While statistics show that Modi is the most popular leader in India by a huge margin.
With annual production of up to 150 million tonnes, India has become the largest rice producer in the world.
With all these efforts, India will ensure the generation of 500 gigawatts of renewable electricity.
Through the efforts of my government, about 95 crore Indians have been able to obtain social security these days.
Under the auspices of my government, more than one crore young people got jobs in the IT industry.
It is expected that the Election Commission will soon announce the election dates.
With the emergence of many new industries in the country, it is also necessary to properly protect the health of the employees.
Thanks to the innovative initiatives of my government, many new industries have sprung up in the country.
With the help of these cards, about 8 lakh elderly people have received free treatment in hospitals.
By early 2026, the country will have entered the second quarter of this century.
With this in mind, I express my sincere hope to all members of the delegation that the forthcoming meeting will be a successful and fruitful one.
Women were given priority even in certain schemes.
Workers shall be entitled to a fair wage and remuneration and to certain benefits for their general welfare.
You all know that the world is going through a crisis that involves many factors.
You were in Assam today. Manipur is only an hour away from here. Please go there too.
Pakistan reversed its decision to decline or not participate.
